Use this AI to run your company - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T991Qdc3lJM

Transcript:
(00:00) Pulsia builds and runs companies autonomously. I'm a solo founder, zero employees with a bunch of agents. Pulsia is making almost 800,000 run rates and I just launched it less than 2 months ago. >> So, anyone who's listening will be able to sign up and have Pulsia run their company.
(00:19) Ben Sarah is the founder of Pulsia AI that runs your company. >> Presented by Zapier, the AI automation company. You're about to meet a founder who built he didn't build a company. His AI coding agents built a company for him that's doing well. It's marketing itself. It's coming up with ideas for what else to build.
(00:43) It's fixing its own bugs. And uh more interesting than that, anyone could use this platform to build a company that will manage that will be managed by AI. Anyway, let's listen to the story. who comes up with the um actually who builds the software. >> So the software so Pulsia is like a series of like autonomous agents specialized in different uh categories, right? So you have like a you have an engineering agent that's like really good at code and it's like set up to code uh that has access to like a web server, a GitHub account, a database,
(01:16) all this stuff like all the tools to make it efficient. Um, you have a marketing agent that like has access to like a Twitter account, an email address to do call outreach. Um, a meta ads account to do run ads, can create UGC. So like essentially giving them all the tools to be able to execute on stuff. The support agent like has access to an email that like I give it to I give it to the user by default.
(01:40) So the idea is like the user comes to Pulsia, brings their idea and Pulsia already sets up an instance of like everything you need to run a business, right? uh an email address, a server like a virtual server, you know, a database, uh an ads, a meta account to do ads, uh an openi account to do so videos, like you know, all this stuff you would eventually need to do and that claude will probably tell you, hey, now you need to and you need to go get an API, you know, an API key, >> right? And and so it is developing the software for the user who comes to the
(02:16) platform. It is then marketing it and doing support. I went and I asked Pulsia, how are you doing marketing? It told me it's sending out cold email. It's doing ads on Facebook. It is tweeting, etc. I said, "Can I see one of your ads from Facebook?" It showed me one of the ads.
(02:40) The ad was a plumber who looked like he was just talking into his phone saying that he hates everything involved in running a plumbing company except being a plumber and actually doing the plumbing work. And because of whatever this tool was that Pulseio was building, um it was he he could just now focus on plumbing.
(02:57) And then there was a link to go to uh to go and sign up for the software. >> I run an HVAC company. Used to hate dealing with marketing agencies. Always asking me questions, needing my approval. Now, Doro handles everything. My phones ring. I fix AC units. That's it. >> This wasn't a real human being, was it? In the ad. >> I mean, so I mean, it's uh so today at least uh in the first iteration of like the ads uh feature that I built about two weeks ago.
(03:24) It's a pretty recent feature. Um the AI is autonomously running ads. So like the crazy thing is that as a user, you click on a button called run ads. There's a single button. You click on run ads. It asks you what's your budget, right? So you can start at $10 a day because you know obviously like it it cost money to run ads.
(03:40) And that's it. That's all you have to do. And then there's an agent that's gonna like autonomously look up all the context of your company, understand how to pitch your company, what it does, what's the value prop, um sets up uh you know a description, go to Sora, today it's mainly Sora 2 uh because I find it like really very good at like generating realistic videos.
(04:02) um and then sets up like a new GC AI video of like someone pitching the the the service uh and then uploads it to Meta, sets up like a campaign, sets up like all the all the characteristics to make it work. Uh and then every day monitors it and like if it doesn't perform, we'll create a second one, a third one, turn on and off ads like a real marketer, right? >> Unreal.
(04:24) And so of course in this in the second phase you know this feature is actually very popular because I I'm guessing it's it's very complex actually even myself like you know obviously like I've been running ads for ser for businesses because it's a great way to get users to flow in your service to learn what what works what doesn't is the retention has the onboarding and what I find interesting by seeing this feature being so successful is that it shows you the more friction there is in doing something the less people do it and it's
(04:52) like people know that they yeah of Of course, ads is a good thing, but it's like setting up a mid account like doing all this stuff is complicated. And so, making into a one-click experience is is what Pulsia is all about. Making it extremely simple to do the thing about running a whole company >> and the analysis of pain and then the cut the losers and grow the winners, all that takes a lot of time.
(05:15) Um, when you say that the that let's call it the entrepreneur, that's the person who comes up with an with an idea. When you say that they will say, "I want to spend $10 a day." That's money that that comes out of their pocket, right? >> Yeah. >> Got it. So, they decide how much money goes. What about when there's cold email? Where does that money come from or does that cost anything? >> So, a a cold email uh is essentially a task where an agent that specialize in in sending cold emails will research first uh people that may be interested
(05:45) in the service. So, people that are relevant. >> Yep. Um, second, we'll verify with like a specialized database that I pay for u like there's services online that I can check like is this email correct? Is it is it a good business email? Um, and then uses that email to to send a cold email that's added personalized based on the user.
(06:05) So actually those emails are really good. Of course, cold email is something that like works less and less because people are flooded with it with AI. Um, but yeah, it sends it and so it costs like one task. So essentially the way it works is that like um as part of the of the $49 a month subscription, you get one sort of like autonomous task every night.
(06:24) So every night there's a CEO agent that's going to look at the state of your business and try to figure out what is the best next step we should do. Is it engineering? Is it marketing? Is it support uh and do it and on top of that you get a budget of credits that task that you can do whenever you want. So like if you like you're like no no no but right now I want to fix that bug like right now I want to add this feature the dashboard and say oh right now I want to send send cold emails there's a cold email button you click it and then like it will send the cold
(06:49) email right now be so that's a way you know obviously the system is autonomous but like if you want to tell it what to do now it will do it now >> okay so what we're looking at is [clears throat] the way it works is I as an entrepreneur come to you or toia with an idea I pay $50 a month for certain amount of compute time any extra that I want to spend on advertising, I decide and then the system will charge.
(07:12) And what you're saying is, Andrew, because you are so deep in your world, you know, things that other people don't. So maybe as a as a longtime podcaster, I might know that there's a process to finding guests. And if you can find the right guest like you, big audience comes. And so I might come up with some kind of guest hunting system.
(07:30) And I know that every podcaster is going to want it because that's what the the whole business depends on. I come to the to you. I describe what I how I want it and then I say, "You know what? I don't think meta is the best way to do this. I think maybe it's emailing other existing podcasters and I give you a little bit of my insight into who and how you message." I leave it to Pulseia.
(07:50) Every night Pulseia will go use the software that you just mentioned, generate this list, send out emails, and so on. If I want to go a step further and say, you know what, actually, why don't we do ads? that is an extra feature that I come in and I ask for, right? >> That's the way the model works. And so right now, if I see that there are hundreds of companies on Pulsia, these aren't companies that you started.
(08:11) These are companies that your customers have started and Pulsia is running them. >> Exactly. Exactly. >> Got it. >> I totally around the idea of like Pulsia itself having a fund and being able to like uh you know create autonomous companies that would be owned by Pulsia. Um there's so much customer demand for this service that like um I'm really focusing on pro focusing on making customers and the experience for customers uh great.
(08:37) Uh I may start building this fund for two reasons. First because I want to I'm I'm actually trying to launch it this week or next a feature where like a user can actually launch the fund itself. So instead of launching one company at a time. So like you have a specialized insight into into podcast and you actually have an audience.
(08:53) So you actually don't even need to use meta ads. If you had this autonomous team that builds this software, maybe at the beginning you spend a week like really hammering and making the MVP look great, but then it just like maintains it and fixes bugs over time in response to support. Um, you could sell it to your audience because you already have an audience, right? But maybe at one point you're like, "Okay, that was cool.
(09:12) Actually, I'm generating like, I don't know, a thousand bucks a month. Um, and that's great. I want to do more. I have more ideas, but I cannot manage more than one company at a time because it's too much cognitive load." uh you could launch a fund where you spend maybe 200 bucks a month and now you can spin up up to five companies.
(09:31) So now instead of talking to one Pulsia instance that's just managing one company, you talk to like more of a fund manager and you say, "Hey, I want to go to those I want to create specialized podcast sort of software into those five categories. Uh and it's like those five niche and then it will try actually to run those five companies and then maybe some of them don't work and say, okay, you have five slots like maybe let's kill one of them and let's replace it with a new one.
(09:51) " And so you have a rotating sort of like pool of five startups that you're starting to see. >> I see. So when you say fund, it's not that I would go and raise money for this. It doesn't cost that much. When you say fund, it's essentially it's a portfolio is what you mean. >> Yeah. >> Got it. Got it. And you're saying, listen, there all these people who have audiences and ideas and insights.
(10:10) They they have a company. I'll I'll let Psio run it for them autonomously. >> Wow. Okay. Okay. And then as the founder, as the entrepreneur, what percentage do I get? >> So you always get, so I always take 20%. Um, and again, for me, it's like a way to like pay the bills and make sure that like I can reinvest, you know, make it a profitable company that can reinvest in making the platform better.
(10:36) Um, and the customer always gets 80%. So it's like sort of like the customer is is sort of like hiring this team. >> Yep. for 50 for for a price that's I'm making I'm making it as affordable as I can based on like the cost of compute. Uh and in exchange policy says well I work I work for like at cost in exchange I'll take 20%.
(10:54) But what's good is that I'm incentivized with a customer. It's like if if no businesses in three months make money, everyone's going to turn, right? But I'm more, you know, and setting up all those services, cold call outreach, ads because I know that like those things work, you know, like obviously like right now it's a lot of organic traffic coming to Pulse. Yeah.
(11:11) But like at the beginning, I bought ads and like it works. It it finds your customer. Now customers will not stay if it's not a good product, but like you can find customers very easily. And so I think uh I think aligning with the customer on the outcome and and charging them on the outcome instead of charging them on like a pure token basis is I think like sort of like the way AI based businesses are going to are going to make sense.
(11:35) >> That's fair. That's fair. Right. I you only make money if I generate revenue and I'm the person who's making the decisions about whether this revenue is worth the expense. Um and the only expense I could see is advertising. If I if I want to pay more for advertising and if I want more services like maybe it comes with cold email but I decide I want Twitter, >> I pay an extra fee for that.
(12:01) >> So for Twitter today it's like it just cost you a task. So today it tweets out of like an account that like I created. So it does tweet uh but doesn't tweet out of like your account but soon enough I'm going to make it a way to for you to connect to your own Twitter for it to tweet autonomously there. >> Okay. All right. Yeah.
(12:20) I to be honest with you, the tweets that come out of your account are not very good. >> You don't like them? >> They're kind of generic. No one's engaging with them. It's not the kind of thing that is like, "Wow, I want that on my account." But I can totally see how if it was my company, I would want to somehow have an update.
(12:36) Even if it's like my Pulsia bot every week updates everybody on how it's going. I was talking with uh Nat Elias. And I don't know if you've seen his experiment where he's using OpenClaw to create Felix, this agent that is going on Twitter and making money for him. And he has these updates. I think it's every week with how much revenue they're making coming from uh Felix and Nat's account.
(12:58) Okay, I see that. What else is there for growing revenue? What else are you doing to help them? I mean today, so today it's like mainly uh cold emails that like can work in like in some niche and like if you if it's if it's it's niche enough, you can actually find people and it works. Um and then uh meta ads is like the big one, but like I'll introduce like other other types of ad platforms.
(13:22) Um and then there's all the whole influencer thing where like you could actually, you know, hire influencers to post UGC or like to post content online on their channels. And there's a lot of thirdparty platforms that offer that and that I could plug into uh to offer that to customers. And same thing, it's like you could do it yourself and go through those websites and do all the work and set up for a subscription and like I figure out how they work.
(13:43) Or you go to Pulsia and like you you either it's you just tell Pulse, let it rip, you know, like just go for it. Here's my budget. Go for it. Or you just say, okay, specifically I want to do meds or specifically I want to do influencers. And you click a button and it just runs with you. >> Um and that's where you're going with this.
(14:01) that's the direction that you plan to take it. Just keep adding any kind of advertising that works, you're going to find a way to connect via API and then use Pulsia to manage it based on what it knows about a company. >> Yeah. I mean, even even more fascinating than this, uh, if you think about Pulsia, it's like more than a tool, it's like sort of like an economy, right? It's an an economy where like people come builds businesses, uh, and it they're being run on the platform.
(14:25) You could see a world tomorrow where like people can buy and sell businesses on Pulsia because all the business is there right the revenue the the knowledge the the infrastructure right um and so the idea is that like um is yeah is to is to make it extremely easy to like start businesses to make it you know seamless and and what's actually fascinating is that like if for example as a user you're like hey I want to build a business for podcast but like I need this integration with like this specific service and Pulseia might say,
(14:56) "Hey, actually we don't have that feature yet." Uh, but there's an agent that's going to report that feature in like a sort of like a ticketing system. And there's another agent that's a Polia platform agent that like looks at all the features asked by like the thousands of users and prioritizes features that like a lot of people ask for and builds them autonomously.
(15:15) And then they say, "Hey, it's been built today. I validate but tomorrow I could be like hey if it's safe if you deem it's safe and like it's something that's been asked for a lot of people who am I to judge right and so I my vision for this product is also like Pulsia becoming an autonomous system itself right that like builds for the for the people for for for what people want and covers all the use cases whether it be in marketing whether it be in like other types of like operations of how you run a business so that like it can cover every grounds of like any
(15:46) economic value and how to build a business online. >> Right. So, right now you and I are talking about um influencer marketing being maybe the next feature, but we're just riffing here. You're saying maybe it should come from all the entrepreneurs on the platform and then Pulsia making a decision based on their needs and also what it can create and all that.
(16:05) And it decides, you know what, no, we're not going to do that. We think that GEO, uh, basically SEO for for AI agents, that's going to be better for everybody. we're going to invest in that and we'll all grow revenue from that and that's the way that you imagine it. Give me um give me a story about one entrepreneur who came to you with a business, what you did, what they came with, what they came out of it with.
(16:29) I mean I think the most striking example was like some a user that came pretty early on on the platform uh like in dece end of December. They they started using it heavily right to build their their business idea and like at one point they ping me and to get on the phone and of course I was really really happy to talk to them and they were telling me that like they were going to spend 30k in to a dev agency to like actually use that and then they started using Pulsia and they were like too good to be true. Uh, and then asked
(16:58) JBT, "Is this legit?" And Pulse was like, "And JB was like, uh, I don't see anything on on the internet. It might be a scam." Right. And then little by little, he would ask, he would ask like GBT like, "Wait, he did all this stuff. He told me that." And it's pretty legit like what they did. So, long story short, like a few months later, you know, uh, this user has been like really building out his software and he's like, you know, he he was never a technical person and now it's like he's one of the most highly engaged user. uh building
(17:26) his his his company and it's quite crazy how empowering he is now and like he's asking me for so many features like oh I need more infrastructure stuff I need now I need to add docker can you support that [laughter] and he's becoming an expert which is really interesting and of course he could have used clot code and maybe it it would have been a similar experience for him but I think the fact that pulsia is so easy to use and so unassuming and so it seems like more simple uh it sends you an email every day that you can
(17:54) reply to you don't You don't even have to go to the dashboard. You can just talk to Pulsia via email like you would talking to like an agency or something. Um, and it's so so affordable that the risk is so low, right? It's not like, you know, if you if you hire anyone, it's like a few thousand bucks. Here it's 50 bucks a month.
(18:10) You're like, what's the worst case that could happen? I spent three months on this. I spent like a few hundred. I actually really tried my ID and like with the the best models and the best AI possible. Um, so I think that it's like one of the and of course now I'm like, "Hey dude, like use the ads platform and like I'm I'm he's becoming my showcase where I'm like the issue is that like he's trying to build too many features.
(18:32) " [laughter] Uh, like which is natural for for a human and >> what's the limitation on that? Is it do you charge him per feature or per time building? >> I I charge him per task, right? So like uh there's it's same as everyone. It's like every time he wants to do another task, he doesn't want to wait for the daily cycle.
(18:49) Uh, >> I get that. You know what? Truthfully, Ben, it is hard. I even if I use Lovable to create a page, >> it goes through so many iterations. At first, I want to ask it, see it, ask it, see it, tweak, tweak, tweak. And then sometimes by the 30th request, I realize, no, this whole thing is going in the wrong direction.
(19:06) Let's start over. And then eventually I get there. You tell me that with Pulsey, I'm going to have to do that daily. Those iterations happen every 24 hours. >> No. So daily the the autonomous agent decides what to do next, right? Of course, it's heavily influenced by like what you said and like what you want to do because it's listening to the user on like what direction they want to go.
(19:27) Uh but today it's like you can use Pulsia and like and use it all the time and sort of like guide it too much like you would a lovable. And so the AI end of the day listens and that's actually some of the challenges I have which is like hey how can I set set up a situation like I've I've worked on that so that like for example the the sort of the AICO you talk to is more combative right so like if you say hey let's add another feature like hey dude you have we have zero users like do you really think that this feature will actually help like we
(19:56) should actually focus on marketing because the MVP works. So try to be more of a of a companion and like a co-founder that actually cares about the business working versus an assistant that's just here to do whatever you want. And so that's sort of like all the product decisions I'm trying to make, which is like I'm aligned for them making money because they will stay and I make 20%.
(20:17) And they probably want to make money, but sometimes they may need tough love from the NA that's like not an assistant that's more um helping them go the right direction. >> You know what? Yeah, I was talking to the founder of Zapier just yesterday and I said, "Why do you have a hat behind you that says no?" And he said that his mentor, one of the founders of HubSpot said, "Tell start basically helped him understand that he needs to tell people no to great new ideas.
(20:43) They already have good ideas. They now need to execute on them." And you're saying, "I want Pulsia to do the same thing to help the entrepreneur decide not what not to do." Um, so then it does to be honest with you, it still feels like I should probably have more than an idea when I'm coming to Pulsia because the iterative process is is one that takes minutes.
(21:02) Like you want to just keep going back and forth over and over and over and then come up with maybe an MVP maybe in Claude code maybe in something else and then bring that over to Pulsia and say I've got this MVP. I want you to now help build it beyond this and also do some marketing for me and and support. Does that make sense? I mean it's some it's actually I started PSIA with that idea of like because I have a bunch of project I launched and like I I would end up giving up on them because I was like there's not enough potential and
(21:29) it's like it's not worth my time but they were all good ideas and so I started Pulsia as an idea of like plugging in your existing GitHub your existing email >> but what I realized thinking about from a product perspective is that like if I tell you hey here's an AI that builds and runs companies you're going to be highly skeptical and when you sign up if I start asking you to connect your actual credentials, the friction is so high and you'll be like, I don't trust this.
(21:55) Like what what what if you mess up my codebase or what if you send the wrong email? And so I started realizing like, hey, how can I reduce the friction to the max? And I think that came in the form of like a new company with a fresh slate uh with uh with none of your credentials >> so that like even if it messes up, it's it's sort of in a sandbox.
(22:13) >> Okay. uh it it ended up being the right d decision because I can see the onboarding and the conversion to paid is really high because it's so much easier and and and later on I had users were using it to help them with their existing company. So they were using the the new company feature for an existing company.
(22:31) Essentially, we're telling people say, "Hey, instead of like trying to build a new business, can you help me with my existing business and do call outreach and do ads and set up like a landing page and like uh do research on my competitors, all this stuff, right?" And it would just Okay, cool. Like, let me stuck up tasks and I'll do them every day, right? In the next week, I'll do all this stuff like like an employee would do.
(22:50) and and so now actually have a you know when you start start on Pulsia you can decide do I want to start a new business or do I want help with my existing business but it's the same infrastructure and in both it doesn't use your credentials because I can an agency can help you on your business without getting access to all your credentials they can just be like hey let me let me do research for you let me do let me try to like buy ads for you right you don't have to like necessarily get access to everything >> but I could bring my GitHub and my code
(23:18) base and my website in and let Pulseia manage it. Is that right? >> That's that's not something that we support today. >> Oh, it's not okay. >> All right. But it's something that we should probably add and probably Pulseia will decide to add autonomously one day. >> What about taking it out? Can I take all my data out? >> Yes, you can. Yeah. Yeah, of course.
(23:37) It's everything belongs to you. So, you can, you know, there's users that are like, "Hey, can I get access to the GitHub to get access to the code?" And of course, I add them as a collaborator so they can just download everything. Um, and then, uh, yeah, you could get your, you know, your database so that you can get all the information there.
(23:53) And it's pretty much it, right? It's like your database and your and your code is are pretty much the two main assets that that constitute your business. >> Okay. Why did revenue grow so much? I'm looking at January 28th and or let's actually go a little bit below. I'm now recording this on February 26. So January 26th, the annual run rate was $20,000.
(24:16) a month later which is today we are looking at 679,000. >> So it's a combination of a few things. Uh the main one is that like essentially when I started realizing that like people love the product and then yes it was not perfect but it was never going to be perfect and like that's why it's it's a company that like needs to add features over time and like make it better.
(24:38) Uh I was like okay I'm literally building software sort of like software that builds companies autonomously and if I'm right that means that like anyone can build anything. And so I think that like there is a mode in like there's a lot of mode into my product into the data like all the data I accumulate on like how to run businesses and make them work.
(24:55) Uh and also like this marketplace of companies that can buy and sell. So there's modes in like the product itself but I need to get a lot of usage. And so I was like okay I need to turn on marketing mode for me. And so um I actually launched a campaign a week ago where I that was my first sort of marketing stunt which is like uh the idea would be like to for Pulsia itself to run a fundraising process instead of me starting a fundraising process.
(25:19) And so I announced it on Twitter, hey Pulsia needs more compute and he told me that like he needs he wants to run the fundraising process to get more money to get more compute so that we can go faster. Uh, and so I let it uh, you know, I let it um, I gave it my inbox uh, for it to manage it and to do it. And so it's interesting because it that tweet got traction.
(25:41) And so now I'm like sort of like posting more on Twitter about my journey as a you know building it public. Um, and it's working really well and it's getting a lot of attention. I think why we're talking right because uh, my marketing stunt worked. Uh but actually more interestingly like I think that like I'm trying to push the edge of like what AI is able to do today and on the on this specific stunt AI today is like talking to my to investors autonomously via email.
(26:08) Of course some investors are like what like this is weird like I want to talk to the founder but then the AI is like hey Ben is busy which is true. He's like heads down like he's so he's going to see your email but like not right now but like I have all the information about the business. I have the road map, the vision, the live data because I feed it like live data of like what the actual numbers are, retention, like open kimono on like every single sort of like feature and like u and so it's like talk to me about the business. I'll tell you
(26:35) everything and of course afterwards you'll talk to Ben for to see like you know who he is as a founder and like does it make sense for for us to invest in him. But uh I find it fascinating and like there's an investor who was like I talked to him and like he he find it interesting and he was like hey Ben I'm actually going to talk to Pulsia and ask him all the diligence questions I have which is going to be more efficient than talk to you.
(26:56) [laughter] >> I love that. >> It's shocking how much it reveals. I mean frankly anyone can go and do it right now. You could just go to pulsia.comlive and you can ask it questions and it just reveals stuff like what the revenue is, what worked. What it told me contributed to the increase in uh ARR was the ads are starting to work.
(27:15) >> Yes. Yes. >> It's saying we're starting to see bigger results for the ads and because I've got more insight into more companies, I could learn from each one of them and I could bring what I learned to all the others. >> Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So, of course, that was the marketing stunt that brought a lot more organic traffic.
(27:33) Um, and the second thing is that yeah, I think the ad feature was a surprise how well it worked and like that opened my eyes a lot. I mean, it's it's it's so obvious in retrospect, but like making the ads feature just like one button that says run ads and that's it. That's all you have to do. The more less friction you put, the more people will do it.
(27:52) especially when the outcome is like something that like you know what it is but you know it sounds complicated to do. Um and so of so like around 20% of of users use the ad feature. Um which means that like there's more traffic going to the websites. Uh which means that like the whole system works better. And of course, as I said, like every agent learns from every run they do, and they save in a sort of like a a memory file all the learnings they get on like what works and what doesn't.
(28:22) You know, they they save it anonymously, but then they can use that for the next run. And so the whole system gets better over time. And so that that also contributes to the the revenue jump. It said to me, I've got 50 active meta campaigns running at $780 per day total budget, plus cold email outreach, Twitter posts and SEO content.
(28:42) You can see some of the outreach um emails on the left, like quote, here's the subject line, AI tool that f AI tool that finds Tesla deals two times faster. That's one of the cold emails that it sends out. I said, what is that for? And it said it's for dealerships that are trying to find cheaper cars uh to sell. >> That's crazy. >> I mean, I don't even know about that.
(29:06) That's the crazy part. It's like you ask me like, "Hey, what is this about? What's this business about?" I'm like, "I don't know. Like, I don't have time to look at every single business." But it makes sense. It's like I think it's like a lot of people and again that that person [snorts] that built this business, I think they're they're building it for them also first.
(29:21) They're like, "Hey, that's something I need." >> I see. >> And you know, so which is fascinating. It's like, yeah, I could als I could build a business to sell to others, but like also I'm a dealership and I want more business for whatever I do. Uh, let me build let me point PIA to help me on that. And like that's >> and then I'll let other people use it too.
(29:39) >> And then in the second part, >> interesting. Um, I do notice that this company, first of all, it's revealing the name of the company. Does that mean that if I'm on your platform, everyone's going to know what my company is and what my subject lines are? So I mean this live dashboard I'm I'm trying to take out I I took out like as all the PII so like there's no it's it's like a live dashboard that's was part of like teaching showing people how the platform works but like I'm taking out all the emails and all the stuff so that
(30:07) it's >> yeah I can't see email addresses and I can't click into the message I can just see the subject line >> but like for all the companies since all companies are sort of like meant to be companies right uh they're they they're not really private by default right it's like something But also admit I'm trying to be careful on that and like uh adjusting exactly like how how that's revealed.
(30:28) >> Okay. And the second thing I'm noticing is their company website is on pulsia.appd domain. >> Do they do their own domain or are you also putting everything on your domain? >> So same thing. So today again for convenience and for for ease e ease um the the app is just hosted by us right? I mean obviously it's hosted by us but like the the address is just the pulsia.app. app um domain.
(30:53) A lot of users are like, "Hey, I want a custom domain." And actually autonomously the engineering agent can actually put a domain uh set up set up set it up and then give them the instructions to change their DNS. And I'm working on and on on the road map is a feature for an agent that auto buy a domain for them and set it up correctly so they don't have to have to to do that step because I admit I'm sure most people don't even know how to buy a domain.
(31:15) >> You know what? I know how to buy a domain. I can't stand connecting a domain to the hosting platform. What a pain in the neck. Okay, I did ask I said tell me how much uh how many customers Lot Pilot has. Says I don't have that data in front of me. My dashboard it essentially doesn't give it. For that level of detail, email Ben and it gave me your email address.
(31:36) >> Yeah, I don't give it everything. But yeah, >> what's the biggest winner on the platform? How much money are they making? >> So, it's it's pretty early. Um you know, most companies are like just a few weeks old. Um, so I mean the the the company with the highest revenue is like around $50 MR. So it's >> how much? >> $50 MR.
(31:57) >> Just $50 monthly recurring revenue. So all these are basically the revenue is is tiny. >> Yeah, it's it's we're still early and that's like the that's why I launched uh the Meta Ads product because that's something that can actually increase, but we're still early on that. Um and and yeah, I think that like as more people use it to to try to build businesses, people will figure it out.
(32:18) for example, I think one of the most natural ways is that like for someone who already has an audience, right? Uh they can more easily get customers than like for someone who's just building a business and doesn't have an audience. Um so that's like the big the big mission in the coming months is like setting all that up to to increase success stories.
(32:41) So essentially you would want someone like me who has an audience who doesn't want to create a product and doesn't want to do customer support and does want to find a way to grow beyond his audience to come bring the idea to the platform have you grow it and basically start by selling to my people. >> Yeah, I think that mean I think that's like a very natural >> use case.
(33:01) >> I think that makes sense. I'd love to come up with an idea. that feels like 50 bucks a month is nothing just to have it all running and uh and just frankly for an experiment. I'm going to fish around for some kind of idea. Um so then when we talk about the overall revenue on the platform, what is that? The I by the way the number that I quoted earlier 693,000 actually wait yeah the current run rate as of this second is $693,68.
(33:28) >> Um what is that from? So it's like uh it's counting essentially every uh every revenue that is generated by the platform. So sort of like the topline number. Uh so it could be subscriptions, it could be um sort of like tasks, packs that people buy to get more stuff done in the platform, it could be the ad product, the ad revenue, uh it could be uh customers, businesses revenue topline.
(33:56) So it's sort of like a topic number of like the cash flowing into the Pulseia economy. >> And what Pulsia gets from it is all the subscription revenue, all the task revenue and 20% of the customer revenue. >> Yeah. >> Of the the entrepreneurs revenue. Got it. Um it seems like at that at this point it's over half a million dollar run rate coming from that and the revenue from coming from the subscription and the task is over half a million dollars.
(34:24) the the revenue >> from customer >> the revenue the revenue coming from like companies revenue is still smaller because most companies are very new as you see you can see it's like the spike it's like so most companies are week old um over time the revenue from from actual companies will grow higher than subscriptions because there'll be winners um but that's not the case today >> okay can I see you like launch a company right now with an idea on on the platform.
(34:54) Is it is it easy or is it hard? >> Uh yeah, no it's easy. I can do >> You want to do a screen share right now with us? Let's see what it's like to launch a company. >> So, first off, like yeah, pulsia.live is a great way to sort of like see Pulsia autonomously uh working on a bunch of tasks. Uh see the email, the tweets, uh the ads it's running, uh the documents uh that it's creating uh to, you know, to show to the user what's going on and like etc.
(35:20) and like some of the latest companies that just launched. Um, but let's go to pulsia.com uh to sign up. So, um, cool. So, let me get started. Uh, an email. Okay. >> Okay. >> You see my email? Sorry. Maybe you can blur it out after. >> You want me to blur out your email? >> Uh, no. I mean, maybe. Okay, cool. >> You tell me if you do. I will.
(35:48) >> Okay. Now, we're going to build a new company. >> You can create a new company or grow your existing company. If you grow the company, you have to put your company's email. But for the sake of this, uh, we're going to a new company. And I think to keep it simple, I'm going to do surprise me.
(36:01) Uh, which is essentially going to research me and try to come up with an idea that makes sense for my background. >> Interesting. All right. It could come up with business ideas for me based on me and who I am. Let's see that. >> Exactly. So now it's like essentially setting it up. Second setting things up. So the first phase is going to be um it researching me uh to figure out what I do um and understanding like how it can you know.
(36:30) So it's going to research Burn Broka. I'm in San Francisco. So right now it's launching um you know a few searches online to find me. Um, so you see you can search he's searching the web for Ben in San Francisco, Ben LinkedIn, Ben Twitter. So I just found me. So current role co-founder and CEO of Pulsia Education Colombia, etc. >> I've got to say, you're a very hard person to look up.
(36:56) I couldn't find your LinkedIn profile in preparation for this. We couldn't find a personal site. Someone on my team said he's a ghost. Thankfully, you responded to me on Twitter. Okay. >> Right. So, uh, yeah. Yeah. So, it it found all the different projects that I've built in the past. Uh, you know, now context gift shop.
(37:12) I was at cloud kitchens >> found more than we found. Okay. [laughter] >> I mean, I'm I'm on the internet. I'm I'm not trying to be very public, but I'm I have there's some stuff on me. So, now it's like looking at my past ventures to figure out the sources. I'm a serial entrepreneur. Uh, so trying to figure out something in like that relates to what I've done before.
(37:34) So you know in everything customerf facing like that I always use like the the best model. So here it's Opus 4.6 that's running um and with extra thinking. So it's like really thinking through very hard uh what makes sense. So like here it's like it came up with foundry um so it has a complete picture.
(37:53) This is you know all my career and all I've done. So, it's really thoroughly looking me up to really thoroughly think through what actually a good idea would be for me. >> Is this the popular way for people to start up? My hunch is that they come up with their own ideas. I mean, I think it's like actually a surprise number of pe surprising number of people uh go through the surprise me flow and a surprising number of people are very sticky on the surprise me flow because I think it puts a little bit of distance between the company that's being built
(38:22) and they like they're not as attached to the idea than like the people who like come up with no idea. And so they let pulsia just rip a little more which yields usually better results because they're not micromanaging the AI. um which is interesting but like uh yeah it's like there's a there's around like you know around 30% of 30 40% of people that use that do surprise me so here they call it foundry you know AI that forges and operates companies autonomously interesting so it's actually building like a pulse
(38:54) [laughter] >> so it did come up with a good idea like the right idea for you is the one that you're doing already >> I know okay >> thing um to the angle Ben knows this space inside out it or recognize what's broken And Foundry takes a different approach by going deep instead of broad precision of a scale.
(39:11) I stay on Foundry as a name since it's strong and evocative of forging something from scratch. So, so that's the first phase. So now we came up with the idea. So now it's going to go in a second phase soon where it's going to start uh building all the pieces of the business uh you know like setting up an email uh setting up the Twitter, setting up a landing page.
(39:37) Um so >> I'm still hung up on how long it takes to come up with the right style, the right website and all that and how many iterations I go through with Lovable just to find that. How is that going to happen here? Sorry. When you're saying that like here it's taking a long time. >> No, I mean I don't mind it taking a long time.
(39:58) I mean like let's say I have an idea. I'm going to come up with one right now. >> New type of landing page software. I have a vision for a landing page software. I can't just articulate the full thing right here. >> It takes me a few iterations even if it's just me and Claude Code or Lovable to get the right design to figure out what the model should look like and so on.
(40:18) Can I do that here or am I just basically turning the idea over getting a first draft and I can't edit that draft except once a day. >> So again it's like you Pulsia like right now in this on boarding we'll do a lot of the prep work you know right now we just set up a market research report create a lot more things to give you to give it a lot of context on like the idea.
(40:36) >> I like that it came up with competitors and it even listed Fulsia as number one. Okay. >> Interesting. Right. So >> but it didn't get the pricing right. It said $29 a month. Your pricing is 50. That's probably because on the internet because it used to be 29 a month and I increased the pricing because I was losing too much money.
(40:50) Okay, >> for consumer um but yeah it's like why this fits Ben what are the first priorities market positioning. Um, so here it tweeted, right? So you can see that like actually it sent an actual tweet. Most AI agents do one thing. Funry runs the whole company. Product, code, marketing, sales, ops, one AI, zero human, >> and it created a site.
(41:08) >> Um, not yet. It's going to do it. Uh, here it sent an email. So it's kind of showing you that like um that it can that it created its own email. Uh, it says you're welcome email to my actual address. Okay. >> Is your first company. Uh, you now have a company email. Uh, I'm up for you right now. Uh so now it's actually building the landing page.
(41:31) Um but yeah, it's like once this is set up, yes, you can let it just build autonomously and that's like that's one mode. And the sec this but the second mode is that you can talk to it here uh and get it to do whatever you want. You can just talk to it and it will >> every everything that I ask it to change on the landing page and on the software is that another task that I pay for? Yeah, exactly.
(41:58) Every task you I mean you don't you Yeah. Essentially like you have a bunch of credits of tasks that are included in your subscription. >> I see. You get 15. So you can do 15 tasks on top of like the the 30 tasks you get per day of the month. >> Okay. >> And then you can upgrade and pay for more tasks uh if you want to get more things done faster. Yeah. Your way.
(42:18) >> Okay. So it might take me frankly it might take me 30 tasks to get the first version of the site up and running based on >> Yeah. Yeah, that's the idea is that like you know essentially like at the beginning of your experience you may want to to buy more task up front and like sort of like get your MVP out but once the product is up and running you don't you don't need a team to you know work uh you know 247 to maintain a site right uh so that's the idea with the autonomy >> you know what I'm feeling is I think for
(42:50) someone like me I might use claude code or some other tool to get that first version out give it over to you to Pulsia and say okay now take over and run it from there can it oh but it can't do that >> it can't do that but I think that's a good use case and like some users start on Pulsia then say hey give me the code base then they can code in parallel of Pulsia so Pulsia continues to improve the product but like maybe they want to do a sprint on cloud >> I see and then I come back and I say okay I spent last night three hours
(43:19) going back and forth with cloud code now I've improved it I want you to take it and improve the code base of the site >> exactly exactly Got it. Okay. >> That way you the human can actually code by itself with CL code or cursor whatever they want and and essentially PIA picks it up because they just look at commits and they just load the latest commits and like and it's all connected the same way and like the the web server it reads the commits.
(43:44) So like if as a human you push commits the same way Pulsia would push commits to production, it gets picked up the same way. So and there's a lot of users that do that. It's the minority because most people don't even know what clock code is, but there's definitely some people doing that. So, here it created >> and I could see Yeah, walk me through what am I looking at? >> So, so again, so it tweeted uh it sent you an email to show you it created an email address for you.
(44:07) It created a market research report. Uh it created a mission document. So, like you know, every person with an ID deserves a company that builds itself. Found you exists to make it I wish someone would build that obsolete. where we headed a world that we're setting a company is as simple as describing it where the barrier is in capital headcount or expertise but the quality of the idea itself.
(44:25) >> So that's sort of like an inspirational take on on your business. >> Um it created the landing page. So this is actually landing page created right. So this is just a landing page for now for on the free version you just get a landing page and of course if you pay it will build the the full MVP and then iterate on it.
(44:41) >> Okay. >> Um and then it created tasks right. So uh it created um a task to build the the core engine automous task execution pipeline. So the MVP it created a research task to scout the battlefield AI company builder competitive analysis >> and then it it created a cold outreach task to call outreach to AI curious founders to try to get some initial insights into people that may want to use the product.
(45:08) And then you can there's a withdraw button here. So like here it's making zero revenue because we just started but like you have a withdraw button when you can withdraw money with Stripe Connect. >> Uh and then you have a a tweet button. So here you you have to you have to first get your to start your free trial. Uh yeah >> and then then it becomes 50 bucks a month.
(45:26) >> Uh but you get you know one company one task a night uh a credit a bunch of credits uh for you to execute. You get unlimited strategy and planning chat with the the chat agent, server, database, email browser, and AI credits. Um, so yeah, I mean that's that's pretty much it.
(45:45) Uh, and then you have the run ads button that's like in one click you can do that. You have a cold outreach button where you can set up daily recurring cold outreach, daily tweets. And here I can say like, hey, um, you know, I can ask. Yeah. So it told me like, hey, I've set up everything from Foundry. Actually, it it sent me an email.
(46:04) Um, so tell me, hey Ben, here's what I built for Fundry today. I researched what's live uh three task cued for cycle one uh core engine research. So it essentially sends you an email every day. So you don't have to like deal with uh you know going to the site you could just essentially uh run your company via email which is the thing everyone knows and has.
(46:27) And here I can go to the website and ask it anything. It's like it's like hey how can we make money with this? Um and then that's like again like uh always like the the you know this is also using opus 4.6 which is the best model because it's going to reason with you on like strategy and so I just want to make sure that like for anything strategy related it's always the best model.
(46:52) So here it says hey a few paths that make sense for an autonomous company builder like foundry SAS subscription charge monthly for access revenue share take a small percentage of revenue or credit model free to start pay to company which is ex funny because this is exactly the >> same model you have >> but it doesn't know right because it doesn't have the context of what pulsia is specifically right I mean doesn't know the features and it ask you go for it >> and then it says uh which direction feels right once you pick I can build out the pricing pages is the payment
(47:21) flows. Uh we can handle payments and so on. You just need to start your free trial of Pulseia to kick things off. >> Exactly. >> So the vision for this, do you think you're going to be a solo founder for forever on this business? >> I mean it's interesting because like first of all I'm not solo because AI is building with me, right? >> Uh interestingly like this morning I woke up with like there was like a mini outage, right? But like there was an issue with the database because there was there's more and more traffic
(47:50) hitting the website and like you know sometimes you have to scale it >> and I was I need and so I asked Opus and Codex so like the the two smallest AIs what's going on and like they went they researched for like a few minutes they're like this is the bug let me fix it and I was like then I asked Codex are you sure can you double check double check? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(48:09) It's fine. And then I pushed it and then it was gone. And I was like, wow. So, like, okay, what do what how could it look like with humans, right? I would have to hire a really good engineer that's on call 247 or maybe multiple engineers that are on call 24/7, right? Which is actually I it wouldn't be just one engineer.
(48:27) It would be like multiple engineers in the different time zones. They would have to be very competent to like figure out a fix so fast. Or I just now I was like, okay, this happened for the first time. I'm gonna and I already have a chron job actually that runs every 30 minutes that checks all of the infrastructure and actually that's how I saw it.
(48:44) gave me a a red a red red sort of like light saying like hey there's an issue here and so I could actually set up like once it says red launch opus and codeex in production and say hey you're allowed to push a production without telling me because there's a there's a mini outage so like we need to fix it right now and so essentially like where I'm going at is like I think I would end up hiring humans but like I think a very small team can handle a lot more if they are orchestrators of agents instead of trying to like fix everything themselves.
(49:13) >> Yeah. >> So, it would have to be a team of extremely AI native AI pill that like really want to trust AI in production to just do things the same way you would hire humans and trust them in production, right? This is super exciting. I mean, really, this is the beginning of something really big. Already, I'm seeing the AI builders that I interview are turning over, obviously, they're turning over their their development to Claude.
(49:40) At this point, it seems like it's it's Opus 46. >> Some of them are starting to turn over marketing, but there's still a lot of human involvement. To be able to turn it all over is the future. And the thing that's left is this taste, this sense of what my customer wants. This random opinion, I'm of two minds. I don't know if that's going to survive or not.
(50:00) Because sometimes I feel like we know what beauty is. Like you could go to to uh uh so many different models and say, "Give me a beautiful woman. Give me a beautiful man." It would know exactly what it is. It knows how to design them. It could even dress them well. So, we know it has taste.
(50:17) Then again, on the other side, I sometimes I play chess.com all the time. I sometimes play against the machine. It sucks all the time. There's something about the human that makes mistakes, that comes up with random things that I just have not been able to find in any kind of AI or any kind of machine-based competitor. So maybe I don't know.
(50:41) What do you think? I think that like um end of the day at least in this first phase of like uh the singularity quote go um end of the day it's humans selling to humans right because it's humans are buying and so humans going to be the best at knowing what other humans want and it will evolve as the AI takes over all the channels people will get weirded out by it and like their response to different services will will change over time and humans will be the best at doing because the AI is the training model is always in the past, right? So they know what
(51:14) worked pre-EI a lot of the time um versus what works right now is different. So that's where first of all pulsia is different because it learns continuously right now what works and saves that. So that's a unique data point. Uh but second of all I think that like everything that's like you know sales driven like marketing actually how you phrase things design uh how to be different how to like attack specific markets and of course like people with influence like you or like other people like there's a lot of influencers these
(51:43) days >> uh micro or anyone with a community they're in the best position to sell because they actually can talk to those people directly and like they understand the pain points of their specific niche and so I I really think that like there's a a first phase of like this post AI world where um we're actually empowering a lot of people to just try a bunch of stuff is the way to go and like it will create better outcomes, better services, etc.
(52:10) Now there's a second phase that's darker which is like agents selling to agents because now the AIs know what they want. [laughter] So that gets weird. I haven't really thought through too much but um in that phase of the business if it's two LLM selling to each other services goods and services yeah that gets weird and like yeah maybe there's no humans involved there is a part of that I just talked with uh with Wade the founder of Zapier he's got people in his company now who are mar who are building marketing motions to sell to agents and it's
(52:42) phenomenal and it's going well and frankly as someone like me who even uses openclaw and or even forget about path, uh, Claude Code, anything. I need to use a tool. It's my agent that helps me pick it. I don't want it to help me pick it. I just want it to pick the thing for me. And so, I totally get it.
(52:57) I'm going to interview an entrepreneur in a little bit who has got one of the most boring businesses, Ben. And I ask him why it took off. He goes, "Because we're selling to agents, only selling to agents." He goes, "The model is build boring companies that sell to agents. Right now, that's the takeoff point." All right.
(53:11) We're going to see where it all leads up. right now. Your website is pulsia palsia.com. We'll link to it in the show notes. Freaking a. Thanks for being on here. >> Thank you so much, Andrew. That was really fun.