1.5M ARR, Zero (Human) Employees | Ben Cera (Polsia) - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zH-UBsDZVLk

Transcript:
(00:00) I think that we'll cover a lot of areas, but I think that one that that we were just talking about before we started recording was this idea of solo founders who eventually hire people and solo founders who are really just truly solo. And I'd love to just maybe jump in straight there like what are you thinking about when it comes to building Pulseia? How do you think about that juxtaposition between somebody who's a solo founder who eventually maybe hires a team couple weeks, couple months into building and you know right now you're
(00:29) really thinking of at least today Pulseia is this thing that's truly solo human and uh it's just AI the rest. I mean, I think solo founders, the definition of a solo founder has changed over time since for a long time it was a bootstrapped sort of business with one human sort of like doing everything and bootstrapping it into existence.
(00:51) Uh, versus that solo founder definition changed a lot with AI since AI is a proxy for a team, right? I never feel like I'm fully alone, right? I feel like I have an AI team that you either can talk to on demand which are like you know through cloud code or codecs or that run 247 in the background right so you know I've set up a lot of agents that like run every 30 minutes every hour uh that execute stuff in production or like check infrastructure uh I have an an agent that does support that I prompted and like designed and gave them
(01:25) the tools to be able to do refunds and like gave credits. Um, and so I have all these agents that work with me. They're not human, but like they they're by the way an extension of me because essentially I I teach them my ethos. Like for example, the support agent like how do you respond? Um, be generous with credits or with funds.
(01:45) Like of course refund right away if there's an issue, have empathy, like whatever it is, right? Um, and so they end up being the it ends up becoming similar to hiring someone and teaching them your your the vision of the company, the the ethos, the values and and and sort of like forging them to become a part of of of a mission, right? And so what's what's very unique with AI is that it's getting so smart at this point that you can really forge it into your your unique team that like you that is available 247 that doesn't sleep right and that can
(02:22) execute exactly your vision without uh any of the human friction that you may have on disagreements on like people being you know maybe misaligned with the mission of your company. So it's no it's solo founder it's like it's it becomes a different term right it's like solo plus AI is it solo really uh and that I think that's going to change in 2026 and beyond >> I'm really curious you know it feels like in many ways people have this like anacronism around um sort of AI teammates and they think of AI teammates
(02:53) it's similar to how you might think of uh regular teammates like this teammate works on this this other teammate works on that and I'm curious sort of how you think about that yourself you know when it comes to thinking about the tools and the teammates that you might have that are AI teammates.
(03:10) Well, the way I think about so the thing is is like as as the models get smarter and smarter, they can be more and more generalist, right? So when we think about AGI, ASI, right, we think about this one entity can that can do it all and they will make no mistakes, quote unquote, right? Um in the meantime before that time comes uh developers have have developed those more you know agents that have less scope so that they they mess they they can there's less chances of them messing up sort of like co essentially coding them like you would code like a a
(03:43) systematic you know sort of like piece of code um but of course using the LM and the prompt engineering and like the tools and safety in order for it to always have a good result Right. I think as models are got have gotten so good, the scope you can give to one agent is getting larger and larger, right? Um, so for example, like in production I have like agents that are reporting bugs when they talk to a customer and the customer complains or feature requests and then I have another agent that like sees the
(04:17) list of all the bugs and all the features and as a PM decides which what should be the the first thing we do that's the most important, how critical it is, then an engineering agent that that that actually builds it. So I I've sort of like siloed it into into those those little roles that are more, you know, human roles.
(04:35) And the question is like, can I trust that those that team to actually push the production without telling me? Because that's the the that's what a an actual team is, right? It's like you're the founder, you hire a team to stop worrying about specific parts of the business. And so the question becomes like, can you trust that team? And today my solution is I can trust it if I give it a narrower scope.
(05:01) So for example if I have an agent in production where I say hey listen like if it's a bug category like uh two and not three or whatever in terms of severity and also if it doesn't touch payments or onboarding and also you ask codeex and you double check that codeex thinks it's safe to ship then you can ship to production without telling me right.
(05:21) Uh so you can give them sort of like a scope. I I would imagine when when we get to opus six or seven maybe it will make no mistakes and then that agent could actually also do the same prompt. You wouldn't have to prompt it. It will just like figure out everything autonomously. Right. So that's the way I think about it.
(05:40) I'd love to talk more about sort of the genesis of this, but maybe you can take us before you actually started working on this specifically. If you could take us back to I guess like 2024 or 2025 when you were just really obsessed with AI building apps. Um I I think I read that you were just like up all night. You just you were just obsessed with it.
(05:56) And I think that a lot of people are feeling that. We're feeling that. Are feeling that. But there's definitely an addressic evolution from building apps to building apps that build apps and sort of building this agent team which I'm guessing was sort of a development over that time. So could you just take me back to like 2024 and what that was like back then for you? >> So first of all I'm guessing you're making reference to the about page. Mhm.
(06:18) >> So that first of all that about page I wrote it as I was listening to DA Daf album because like they recently did like a DJ set and like so I relistened to all their albums and that song by George Mor right >> uh and it's was I was listening to it and it's it's an entrepreneur song right it's like this this artist because entrepreneurs are artists right it's this artist who's like describing how when he was young he was hustling and like try to like he wanted to do music and he wanted to do this music of the
(06:50) future, right? That's how he describes it. And so he was going to clubs and like hustling, stepping in his car. Uh and then he ended up, you know, finding the sound of the future, which is the disco like electronic music of the 70s or whatever. U and then became a huge success.
(07:08) And so when I listened to that song, I was like, I I love this. And like what if I would write an about page that was like an an homage to that and sort of like taking the whole narrative. So the narrative is like it it reflects my journey but it was really tweaked to >> Got it. Okay. Those lyrics because you were really obsessed with that song and that song Giorgio is really remarkable because it's so it's so narrative based you know and it's essentially just a spoken word track with uh with with this incredible music underneath it. Um,
(07:38) yeah. Say a little bit more though about the reality for the you sort of you sort sort of bent the story to sort of fit the Giorgio song narrative. >> Exactly. Exactly. That was just like a little party, right? But but um yeah, I mean starting in 2024, I was definitely starting to code more.
(07:54) So my background is in engineering. Uh and I started my career in tech just coding and like building products, right? That's how I remember I was in New York in 2012 and I was working in banking because I studied engineering and then specialized at Colombia in financial engineering. But all my I had a bunch of friends that were studying companies and they were engineers also but that applied to code, right? And I was like I really want to start a company or build a work in a startup and they were like dude you just learn how to code. If you become an
(08:23) engineer that knows how to code, you can get a job anywhere. Um and so and so I began my career building products and having a very pragmatic approach to engineering which is like engineering to build products right and so and then I ended up building products and like getting a getting traction and ended up just becoming an entrepreneur but but then I drifted into you know work being more like a manager and then starting to focus on sales and and and higher level you know business sort of direction and I worked for Travis Kalanic for five
(08:53) years at cloud kitchens where I was actually a global GM managing like GMs and teams and like ops teams and P&Ls, right? >> Pretty much the opposite of what you're doing today. >> The opposite. And so so that's like the background story. So like in 2024 when I when AI became so powerful in in terms of vibe coding and stuff, I was I I was like I need to go back to it because it feels like because coding is so fun, but the grind of getting the code to work is annoying.
(09:22) But like if I can just talk to essentially an AI engineer, uh that could be fun. And and so I started doing it again and like I I I replunged into my early days where I would just stay all night just building because it's so fun, right? And I and I started building a bunch of different products that I never shipped because whatever, right? It's like I was like commercial doesn't make sense.
(09:45) And also I'm I'm focused on like another startup right now. And I think in in 2025, I think the models got so good that I was like, you know what? I need to just do this, right? I need to actually I actually decided to go to to Japan, right? Because I was like, I need to I want to be inspired by the beauty of Japan and like but also I need to work on this thing.
(10:06) Actually had the idea of like uh of Pulsia at Manfuji, right? I was there and like I got so inspired listening to uh all the stories about what Mon Fuji represents and like all those all those um those artists and those like those uh people that like went to Mont Fuji and like sort of like had their calling going there which is interesting.
(10:26) >> What does Mount Fuji represent? I don't I don't know much about it >> about Mount Fuji. Mount Fuji is like I mean I'm going to I'm going to butcher the story because I'm trying to recall but like I know at the time inspired me a lot but like I asked tell me all the stories about Mount Fuji and why is it special place.
(10:41) I mean it's a beautiful mountain but like why is it represented over and over besides the fact that you can see it in the landscape of Tokyo, right? And there's all these stories about people marching towards Mont Fuji sort of like as a as a reach of passage, right? >> Like a pilgrimage perhaps >> sort of. Yeah.
(10:59) And then and sort of like once you get there, there's sort of like a realization you you achieve, right? And I didn't I didn't go to Mount Fuji to get that. I went in Fuji because I was in Tokyo and I was like, let me do a weekend trip to Mount Fuji. But once I got the story, it the the place changed for me, right? Because it has so so much history and so much energy, right, that you can feel.
(11:22) And and I had the the realization at the time of like wait a second like you talk to AI all day as a co-founder AI helps you design because you at the time like the image models of JPD got really good good so like I was asking it hey design this what about this what about that of course it's my CTO and on the marketing side you could start telling that like it would it could help you with you know image generation video generation like it was starting to get there and I was like well essentially I could run the whole business on what am I doing, right?
(11:54) Essentially, JGB is so smart and like telling me sort of like how where to go even though at the time I was agreeing a lot agreeing a little too much. Uh, and so I was like, well, what if I just build everything in software and then build a sort of like a software that helps me build the company and I'm just the creative director.
(12:13) I ended up building it in November instead because at at the time I was focused on on another product. Um but that's sort of like the journey and that's what Pulseia became. It's like I'm an entrepreneur. Um I've done sort of like not I haven't done it all but like I've done I've done the coding part.
(12:31) I've done the product part. I've done I've been CTO. I've been a GM and and sort of like AI enables me to build anything. But then that sort of dilutes dilutes it because now I'm like everything seems easy to build. That's not fun. So then I'm like, what if I could build a software that could help me launch a thousand companies or that wasn't the initial intent.
(12:54) The initial intent was like any idea I may have, right? So like all my crazy ideas, what if I could run them in parallel and have AI do the grant work and I would get a report every day and I could just direct creative directed. No, change this color, not this feature, that feature, you know, like send that email.
(13:09) You know what I'm saying? like and and then I was like, you know what, let me build it actually cuz um cuz uh life is short and let's just let's just build now what everyone thinks is not possible. Let's build it and and as Samman always says like just build it now and you'll you'll be build it build on the edge and the models will get better and then what you think was impossible today will will work.
(13:37) So I've thought a lot about you know solo founders as sort of authors and this idea of solo founders as like creative directors is really interesting as well and in some ways maybe you could say that the last sort of the last sort of form of founder or entrepreneur is actually more on the creative side and and sort of utilizing the tools.
(13:56) I'm curious just more of your thoughts around being a creative director and what that actually means in this world. I have like a hot take on like what I think will happen in 2026, but essentially I think in 2026 if if you have a new company and you don't make it 80% autonomous, meaning 80% of the operations and engineering and marketing just like dayto-day is not done by AI, you will be cooked because if it's a good idea, someone else will apply that and they will beat you because they'll go faster, cheaper.
(14:28) Um but like what is the 20%. Right? The 20% is taste, creativity, uh direction, uh sort of like just like guiding the AI to towards something that's meaningful to other humans because humans have to today and for hopefully for the foreseeable future have the wallet, right? They they have the money to buy the goods and services.
(14:58) Um and so in while we stay in that word world where it's not agents that have the wallet which that may happen. >> How long? Yeah. How long is that? >> That's scary. Yeah. >> I mean >> I think it's going to come sooner but actually I think there's humans are are are not as fast as adapting to change. So I think there's a little while until humans don't have the the wallet share.
(15:22) Right. But anyways that's that's sort of like another topic. Let's assume we're still in this world where like humans have the wallet share. Um it's even if you're using AI to do the work, you're still selling to a human. So you have to delight people either through product, either through design and branding, either to efficiency and price like and those this is super subjective like you can sell anything like for example like your what you're building with with Solo. The branding is amazing.
(15:49) So it's like it it's part of the story, right? It's like you could have someone else build like a collective for solo founder. Uh it would not I maybe I wouldn't have come right. So I think that taste and like the packaging and like the storytelling and uh the way you sell it uh all of this is the experience that you give to your customer and that's that's the 20% taste that like will will create unique outcomes for the foreseeable future right but essentially if 80% of the of of the work is can be automated with AI which is by the way
(16:23) what PIA offers right it's like for $49 a month you get an AI team that can do 80% of the work and you guide it daily and sends you an email every day saying, "Hey, this is where we're going to this is where we at. This is what we're going to do tomorrow." But you can say, "No, no, no, no.
(16:39) I don't like the color of the website, so change it. Here's an image that you Okay, cool. I create a task. I'll do it tomorrow. I want to do it now." Like, "Here's the task, right?" But um it's still human driven, right? all the companies on Pulsia are um are human you know led companies um but in this world where tools like Pulsia exist and like I'm sure other people will wake up to this idea and there'll be other offerings maybe maybe the same maybe specialized maybe different variants of it um I can see a world where like a lot of people become entrepreneurs because a
(17:09) lot of people have great ideas and a lot of people want to be financially independent and like and create and create right it's like it's talk about money like it's about creation right um Rick Robin talks about that in a beautiful way right everyone's an artist um and I think tools like Pulsia and like others that will come uh enable people that feel like they're you know they have good ideas but have been shy about it because maybe of their the amount of money they have or like maybe their conditioning or maybe what they think is
(17:41) possible and what they're capable of. I think AI making it so easy and like you know with Polia I'm trying to make it so unassuming and easy right it's like there's no I love openclaw and it's a great product and great founder and great everything but you have to configure it right it's like do I pick telegram or iMessage and like okay I I need to buy a Mac mini apparently and then and then it's going to what is going to do my to my computer um I think there's something about simplifying it and be like you know what don't worry
(18:12) about it like it's all provisioned There's no risk. You don't have to connect any devices. Um, just give me your email, do a free trial, give me your idea, see what the product can do, and then if you like it, you pay 50 bucks and for a month and if you don't like it, cancel, right? So, it's like making and then you'll get an email every day uh about what happened and then you can respond to the email or you could go to the dashboard and like do more actions if you want to be more involved. I think this simplicity uh
(18:39) hopefully enables sort of like a a lot of creativity in society and and new unique products. A lot of will fail but a lot of like will actually delight and maybe a 18-year-old can suddenly create something amazing where at a year or two years ago be like no I'm only 18 I can't really because need to go to school and then actually well I don't have money like you know >> it feels like the uh the number of excuses is really going to zero at this point you know time you could just do things faster >> cost is really just fallen off um like
(19:15) skill you don't have to have all the skill anymore. >> You know, you have to be able to be generalized and good at directing, right? Telling something what you want. So, I think that knowing what you want or being good at sort of iterating around what you want or towards what you want is is interesting.
(19:31) You know, it's really funny because the reason I reached out is because you had this very ridiculous hockey stick chart, you know, the the chart that every investor wants to see, uh, allegedly. And and and it's funny because that was the thing that kind of seeing that and seeing you were doing something solo was what caused me to say, "Wow, this really interest.
(19:50) " But that was the thing that got you on on my radar. But the thing that actually got me really interested wasn't the hockey stick. That was just the thing that caused me to become aware of it. The thing got me interested was when I went to your website and it felt like it was created by someone who really had a different idea of doing things.
(20:06) you know, somebody who had a real like perspective and you know, there's all this discussion that I find somewhat tiring around taste. Uh, but I think that like another way of putting it is um just being like really opinionated. And I looked at this and I was like, this is somebody who's really opinionated.
(20:24) Um, nobody would design a website like this. I don't imagine an AI would design a website like this if you just gave it vague directions and it and it created, you know, a website. it would create something that looks, you know, closer to like your average your average startup or something like that. Um, or average product on product hunt.
(20:41) Maybe we could talk a little bit about sort of solo founding as a creative director or sort of a creative pursuit and we can kind of use Pulseia as sort of like the frame for that. So maybe we can talk a little bit about like when you actually got started with this. I guess it was a couple of weeks ago. um when you actually had you know like the initial product that you were putting together like what were some of the thoughts that you had around like the design that you wanted to go for the thing you wanted to sort of elicit
(21:08) because it looks very different it feels very different than your typical product we can talk maybe about some of the design decisions and and sort of like product decisions that you made um and then I'd also be curious to hear about how you pushed and pulled with the AI around actually making those decisions >> so the design decisions came.
(21:30) It actually started um it actually started on a trip that I did from LA to SF. Uh at the time or like that was in October of last year and I had built like a first product called Blanks that was like an app that makes apps similar to Wabby. Uh but I wasn't seeing like retention and I wasn't really sure.
(21:54) I was a little disappointed because I put so much energy into it and I was building this marketing tool and I was thinking, oh, let me build a b a suite of like things for, you know, that I can, you know, a bunch of SAS and put them together. And I I got a a lot of very demotivated because I was like, nothing interests me. That's not really interesting.
(22:10) And I I felt like I was trying to build for someone expecting them like what I what I thought users wanted. Does that make sense? And so then I was like, you know what? uh let me go to SF and talk to um my investors um and and sort of like share where I'm at. Um and so I did a trip I I I rented a car and I went from from LA to SF this beautiful road, right? And so a lot of time to think um and I started to like sort of like decide to to let go of like what people wanted uh and and actually build something that like I really that really
(22:52) resonated with me instead of trying to like build for for other people because I was like you know what like and then my previous company where like with my co-founder we had a lot of disagreements we were always making compromises he was extremely talented and I think and we were respecting each other.
(23:09) Um, but we didn't have the same vision of the world. And so his vision was compromised. My vision was compromised. It was always like this like mish mush average thing. And so here I was like, you know what? Stop thinking about what other people want. What do you want? Well, I want to build something crazy. What's something crazy to you? Well, you've been entrepreneur for a long time.
(23:30) Then build something that uh build what you want. What do you want? Like I want an AI that can build and runs companies for me. And like that that sounds so cool. Okay. How should it look like? Well, and then I I was okay, like if you don't care about what people think, what do you want it to look like? And then I was thinking, well, actually, there's this game that I've been obsessed about called Universal Paper Clips.
(23:50) Universal Paper Clips is like a clicker game that essentially is a very minimalist game that resembles very the DNA of this where you play an AI that is optimized to build paper clips. And so you start with a little paperclipip factory and like you can increase or decrease the price. You can you can do tasks to like improve the productivity of like the factory with like auto clippers and you end up having starting to build a big business in the paperclipip industry.
(24:20) Then you do marketing campaigns and then it gets really dark very fast. Like you know the is like well we need to like hypnotize like uh we can we can use drones to to get people to buy more paper clips and actually we should actually kill humanity because they are in our way and then they kill all of humans and then starts harvesting all of Earth to build more paper clips and then creates probes to go to other planets to build paper clips.
(24:47) So, it's a very dark game that is essentially uh telling us that we should really align AI in the right direction to make sure it doesn't go sideway, right? But the game is essentially you build this the beginning of the game is like you build this little business that is really working just clicking on buttons. And I thought to myself, what if I build a similar game and play and you know give a match to that game um but make it act in the real world where you actually you know and of course I diverted a little bit from exactly how it works to make it
(25:21) work for my specific use case and there's no chat in the game. There's no there's no little face like and then I was like what will people but that's not what other AI teams do right they all do this like dark mode sort of like gradients like uh >> very sci-fi >> sci-fi whatever like the trend of the the week kind of thing and they all look the same or they don't look look the same but like they they all look very futuristic and and I was like you know what I don't care what if what if I don't care what if I build something that's new to me
(25:52) and the about we're talking about the about page. That's ridiculous. What? You don't put that in your about page. You put your about page like this is the team our mission statement whatever. And I was like, [ __ ] it. I'm going to put a DP song in the about team. And actually, if you open it, it it auto plays the song.
(26:11) And I was like, I can't really put it with the lyrics because like >> Yeah. >> So then I and then let's I made it like eight beats, right? So I I I did like a another layer of like a processing so that the sound is like weird. And I was and I spent like way too much time on that, but I was like whatever. Like just put like put your love into this product even though people will be like this is [ __ ] weird.
(26:30) Like what are you talking about about you you were living and nobody cares right about your life and I was like whatever this is what I'm going to put out. >> It's interesting that you say that like you spend too much time on it and I feel like we we have this like push towards efficiency in all areas but I don't know it seems like you spent the right amount of time on it.
(26:47) I think end of the day I spent like a lot of time on what I thought mattered at the time and you can rewrite the story and like if you really align with and inflow right in the now uh everything makes sense and there's no regret and there's no what's going to happen tomorrow we'll see but today I feel like designing the about page or today I did I feel like redesigning the little face >> it seems like that is goes wrong when you're not doing it for yourself >> when you're doing it for some pretend customer that doesn't exist. Uh, you
(27:18) know, but when you do it for yourself and you truly do it for yourself, not lying about, oh, I'll use this or something or, you know, I like this, but you're really just trying to pretend that you do. Uh, a lot of people lie to themselves about the apps that they build. Oh, I would use this app. >> Um, if you don't do that and you really actually believe in it and it really is your thing, I don't think that that's a I think that's extremely well spent time.
(27:42) >> And I think Rig Robbins says it really well, right? And it's I think it's like a a very inspiring book he wrote. I actually didn't read it all. I read the first 20 pages. I was like, "Okay, I get it. This is amazing, but I don't have time to read the rest." But but what he says is like you can't control how people will react to what you've created, right? So you have no control on that.
(28:06) And actually once you've created it and you put it in the world, it's you're not control anymore. like it will become this thing that people interpret in their own ways and either they don't care which is 99% of the time or they care and then great like that's it right so but the minute you try to care about what the way they think you're probably going to be the 99%.
(28:28) Well, this is interesting, too, because you think about art and like there's really two types of artists. Let's just talk about musicians, right? There's the musicians that they put something out there and surprisingly it just becomes very popular, right? But they didn't have any sense that this was going to be massive, right? And then they have a they have essentially a fork in the road at that point, right? Where they do the exact same thing because that's what they think, well, the people really like that, so we should give them more of
(28:52) that. or they go in the opposite direction and they say, "Well, we're going to do what we want to do and maybe that will have some resonance, maybe it won't." And you know, for some people it will be highly alienating, right? Some people won't like the new thing. Other people will be very excited to have that group or that songwriter take them on a new journey.
(29:11) >> So, I I don't know. I think that there is some aspect of this where it's like you put that thing out there, you don't decide what people have to say about it, but if they do like it, that's almost this this this other sort of challenge that you might have, which is like do you just give them more of the same? >> I mean, it's interesting, right? It's like Yeah, I think once you put it out there and it's different from like an album is just like it's fixed in time.
(29:32) It's released. I mean, Kanye, I guess, like edits his albums after the fact, >> but uh most artists don't versus software. it can evolve on its own, right? >> And so it becomes like it becomes a slightly different because you actually at one point once use once users use your product, you actually should listen to them if you're a business, right? Because >> um it's actually interesting because I've been thinking about Pulsia, of course, from a business perspective because I don't know, I've been a an entrepreneur running businesses for a
(30:07) long time. So I have that that mindset but I've also I've also considered myself a creative person also more dilent in the in the art world but like still like I feel like I have some creativity in me right um and I've been thinking about okay if we forget about the business side what would be really cool right and what would be really cool is if I build this mini economy right because Pulsia is actually the aim is it for it to be an economy and what do I mean by economy is that like people come to build businesses but over then so
(30:43) like the people that pay $49 a month for example and then they create the business and maybe they're influencers and then they can market it to their audience and they get some revenue and like they don't have to maintain it sort of have a team maintaining it then you can have another layer with the investors um that come in and say no no like I want to put like a thousand bucks and I want to create like five or 10 companies and those five and 10 companies I will kill the ones that don't work and And maybe you know what instead of creating
(31:08) companies from scratch, I just want to buy companies from people that like have 200 bucks MR and I'll buy it for 5x or 10x whatever it is because they already figured out like a certain, you know, certain user experience and they already have proof that it works and they already, you know, and I I want to roll it up and then uh maybe spend more marketing into it.
(31:31) And so you can think about pulsia over time as like this little economy that initially people are like oh how does it work like can it really produce real businesses it's like well if you believe AI can code it can build real businesses but then it becomes okay what type of business do they build what type of features they need to build those businesses right if someone comes and says okay amazing you can build me a business I want I want to I want a print on demand business or I want like I want to sell uh high-end pajamas made in Italy Okay. Uh online.
(32:01) It's like, well, I can do that. But you can do that. Like the what you need is like you need more capabilities, right? You need maybe uh an, you know, sort of like an agent that's really good at like either talking to factories that have an API to build pajamas or you need a specific AI that like that I already have that can just email factories and then say, "Hey, listen.
(32:22) I'm an AI, but like I actually have the wallet of a customer like and they are interested in buying pajamas from you." and uh what's your quote and then the human says yes and cool I here I'll pay you where do I like PayPal or whatever and then ship it to another service that maybe we have an API forum which is maybe an AWS fulfillment center or something to ship it to customers and then you're like okay now you have a pajama business right and the AI can do all the work but the question becomes we may there may need to be more and more integrations
(32:53) like that to target different parts of the economy or different use cases that need different API I and the question becomes do I build them like do I put my do I start putting my subjective DNA into a a certain version of the economy or do I let users when they're talking to agents hey I want to build the pajama thing oh sorry we don't have this feature yet but let me put that in essentially you want to build like you want to produce like high quality garments and you put out of the feature and it's if enough people ask
(33:30) for these features there's a ancai team that's like okay like we or if Ben told us that our goal is to enable anyone to uh be able to do any business as long as it's legal and ethical right like that's the framework well producing garments that's ethical and and legal cool well let's how do we do it and like AI is really good to figure out cool let's research every factory that has APIs that do high quality governments okay there's one that's the easiest they have an API We can just send them the payment. They produce it. They ship it.
(34:00) They actually can do the drop shipping, whatever it is, right? They'll figure it out. Feature built and then email sent to the user. Hey, first of all, it's ready. And second of all, here's a 20 bucks uh credits because to thank you for suggesting that idea, making this up, right? So now, what do I do in this story? Right? So like AI can can fix bugs, can create features that's aligned with like the long-term vision of creating this economy.
(34:26) definitely can do support, definitely can market, right? Because marketing is like a lot of uh systematic things, right? It's like it could be ads, it could be it could be uh outreach, it could you could outreach to influencers and pay them for outcomes and then measuring outcomes, measuring what are the most affordable sort of like marketing funnels.
(34:47) Like that's all super systematic. You could say there's there's brand and there's like um there's some subjectivity in marketing like brand marketing communications. Sure it's important but what's really important is like the value you give to part to users right >> so the long story short is that in a world where I can achieve that I can make pulsia 100% autonomous or today it's 80% autonomous I have a lot of help >> if you can make it 100% meaning like I don't even have a say anymore >> I give it like sort of like a mission statement and like a sort of like a
(35:18) whatever if Pete would say a soul document whatever >> right that's hardcoded >> maybe it's like a in a in a wallet in a crypto wallet somewhere or in a in a you know whatever it is. Uh I can I give all my option pool to a foundation that's controlled by the AI so that it has equity incentives and then I just move away right and I just let it rip like that.
(35:41) Wouldn't that be cool? Um I don't know why I'm talking about all this but this is uh what was the initial >> you know I feel like it would you went in a bunch of different interesting directions there. I I I think that it would be interesting to pivot like at at some point back to Pulsia today like what it is, how it works, just so for people who are listening to it, they can learn a little bit more about it.
(36:03) But um something that's really interesting about that is you talk about being a creative director and then you also talk about sort of like maybe there's this point when you do give it full pretty much or close to or exactly 100% autonomy um to go off and do its own thing. Um, you know, it's a really interesting sort of juxtaposition, right? Because creative director implies you're working with really talented people, but you're sort of the one who's kind of like the champion of the of the vision and you're working with people to
(36:34) help sort of realize that vision. And then the idea of like passing it all off is sort of like you're relinquishing like control of of maybe even like the main thing. Like obviously you have a team you or it doesn't have to be humans. It doesn't have to be AI, but you have people or things that are that are going out and doing things for you.
(36:53) Um, you are relinquishing some degree of control, but you still have that like high level like you're the one who kind of calls the shots, you're the author. Um, how do you think about that? Because it feels like in some ways you really enjoy the uh you enjoy the creative aspect of it.
(37:07) Um, but do you think that like maybe relinquishing control in some ways is like the ultimate sort of creative director move at some point? I mean I I kind of agree with you that like >> at that point first of all from 80% to 100% there's like a lot of percent lot of time >> and then you can also get to 99 and say I'm keeping 1% I have the kill switch a kill switch is that you didn't give it 100% if you have a kill switch >> so 100% would be no kill switch no override no access no API key right >> so I think I can get if If I get to 99,
(37:44) that would be already crazy and I can still tell investors, hey guys, like don't worry about it. Like uh I still have access to it, right? >> But uh the 100% but I wouldn't be creative director at that point. I would be just an artist. I I it would be I would sign at the end. >> The about page I would say in the soul document, don't touch the about page, >> right? >> Because that's my signature. Yeah.
(38:05) >> But you can touch anything else because maybe you want to redesign the site in like doc mode because that's what converts, you know? >> Yeah. because like well let's AB test and maybe the like let's AB test every single you know landing page and realize your black and white thing like nerd like uh video game thing that's not mainstream enough for uh if we want to go to big markets like India and Indonesia and like whatever >> it works for now but it should get to get the next level >> that got you to like uh that got you a
(38:33) few people excited but like if you want to let's go mainstream like yeah you want to replicate the economy let's replicate the economy and like let's build something that is more neutral or whatever Let's remove that little mascot. Like this is this is like distracting people. This is distracting like a portion of the economy that like doesn't get it or I'm making this up, right? >> But it's almost seeing it live on itself by itself would be fascinating, right? I guess at one point it's like right now it's fascinating. Like I'm so
(39:02) excited to work on this project. Uh because it's like you know first of all people are loving it like um there's a lot of uh you know there's a lot of hope that it can actually do all the things it does and so it's there's a lot of like excitement for me to build the the building blocks of like what a company is.
(39:25) You know for example like there's no you can't you know you can't hire a human yet. So like that could be a build big building block that would enable a whole sort of businesses that need to hire a contractor to do something. That's one example among others. But yeah, I think that like uh making it autonomous is it's such a fun project and you know like the other day I was overwhelmed with support tickets and I was like okay that won't scale.
(39:48) Like you either hire a support person which by the way won't take me a few weeks because you cannot hire anyone. uh or you just spend five hours designing a support agent, right? That's what I did. And now uh Pulsia is autonomously responding to to people, refunding them, giving them credits. And I read some of the conversation.
(40:08) I'm like because I always give like Opus 4.6 thinking for because I'm like that that's the my mo I would put my most expensive best person on support because it's super important like those are the those are the customers >> empathetic, >> right? Yeah. >> And so the AI is super empathetic like explains really well things and if there's a big issue like a scallet to me so that if it's if it's if it can fix the issue like someone is asking for a feature or like there's a bug actually in the app they can fix bugs yet.
(40:37) Um but I think that's amazing because it's like you get the best customer support and the whole the whole business is all AI. So like even if the customer says hey you AI and about yeah I'm AI but like what do you care? I'm I just gave you credits. I refunded you. I escalated to another team your problem which got resolved probably by another AI that has more control, whatever.
(41:02) So, um I think that's um I think that's fascinating and I think >> maybe briefly you could walk through just how Pulse works today. You go to the website, you say, "Okay, I can start a new business." which is in some ways just that alone that claim is is pretty preposterous like compared to what most people claim.
(41:22) Most people claim build an app, right? Nobody says start a business. Stripe Atlas is like create a you know a legal entity for a business, but I don't think there's really anyone out there who truly says start a business with a click of a button. So maybe walk through what actually happens when somebody uses PIO today. So sign sign up then there's actually a fork in the road where like I ask you do you want to start a new business or do you want help on your existing business because essentially Pulsia can like can you can point Pulsia towards an existing
(41:53) business uh the same way and I saw early on people using it for help in their existing business and I was like that's a massive market so why not but but let's stay on course on like a new business. Uh then it ask you do you want me to surprise you or do you have a specific idea? Um surprise you essentially a flow where like the AI will look you up so research you on public information online and try to find an idea that would makes a lot of sense for your expertise of what resonates with you.
(42:22) >> What are you seeing typically? Are people mostly doing the surprise me or >> it's like around 30 30% 30 40% do surprise me? Sometimes people do surprise me and then they they create a new >> then create a new one. Uh but there's a lot of people that do surprise me that actually are surprisingly sticky because I think the they find the idea cool and they have less emotional there there's less emotion around the idea itself and so they let the AI build and actually the outcomes are usually better than like when you try to micromanage the AI
(42:51) and try to like bring it expertise that you may not have. >> Yeah. But yeah, so you you you decide on on on that fork and then the long story short is that policy will start working on on your company and so it will research you to understand who you are, research u the the market uh find the name for the company.
(43:11) Uh it will create an email for you and send you an email from that email address uh to show you that you have now a company email. It will tweet uh it will create a landing page. We'll create a mission a mission document that has like sort of like who we are, what we stand for, right? Sort of like a mission document that you can edit if you want to, but it writes it really well.
(43:34) A market research with competitor competition to understand pricing and like positioning. Um, and that that takes around 3 to five minutes and then it asks you, hey, if you want to continue, you can start a free trial. uh once you start a free trial, it will actually set up also a GitHub account, a web server uh and a database to actually build a business, right? Uh and it's hosted on like you know on very professional scalable infrastructure where you could actually build a big business over time.
(44:05) Uh it also you also get access to a stripe account. You get access to a meta ads account. Um you get access to um a bunch of APIs. Open AI API, entropic API, um image, you know, sort of like content generation APIs, anything you need you would need if you were start a business, right? Well, if you start a business, you need like to build a product, build a build software, you need ads accounts, if you if you don't have if you don't have influence yourself, you need an email address and you can get started, right? Uh, I could add later like a create an entity with
(44:43) strap at last in one click, but you don't need to create an LLC if you're just looking around, right? Before you had one customer, right? You could you can if you want, but it's probably overkill. And so that's it. So then then you have this environment that's created for you, sort of like a a provisioned environment.
(45:01) Um, and sort of like how Google, you know, Google Docs creates like a white page for you. It's set up and then you can write. Uh, and then, uh, the is like, cool, right? I created three. So, it also creates three three pre-made tasks for you that's specific for the business. Like create the MVP with like a whole description of what the MVP should be.
(45:21) Uh, you know, maybe do some competitive analysis to dig deep into like the the other products out there to understand how they're built and the features they have. Uh, and then some cold outreach to try to talk directly to some customers to understand what if anyone cares about the idea. So like what what you should actually probably do when you start a business which is like create a mini MVP and then go talk to customers right and then after that like um you can talk to your you have an interface where you can talk to your sort of like AI CEO AI co-founder and
(45:49) you can tell it whatever you want and it's powered same thing opus 4.6 the best most pragmatic model that uh that is you know very straight to the point very you know very smart model and um you can tell it whatever you want like it has access to you know to every tool to understand what how your business is doing it can create tasks for you uh it can help you with strategy if you say hey let's do some some marketing like what should we do it's like okay cool well we could do you could run some ads but that cost money
(46:21) but like you could do that or but I think at point like your product is not ready yet. So that's maybe build the MVP first or you know uh and people spend active users like send 15 messages per day to their copper. >> So they're they're extremely engaged. >> Uh I see like a 65% DAU on on WAU like which is an engagement metric to see like how many pe what's the percent of people that come back daily out of the weekly users.
(46:50) >> And it's it actually makes sense. is that because you get an email every morning. Um, so the AI at every night wakes up, there's a CEO agent that looks at the state of your business, that looks at the logs uh to see if there's any errors, looks at like do we get any traffic, do we get any emails from customers, how are the ads performing if if any uh and then based on that takes a decision like what what should we do? What's the which task should we do? Right? and then does the task and then sends an email to the customer saying,
(47:20) "Okay, this is where we at. This is the metrics. This is what I've done today and here's what I'll do tomorrow." Unless you and then email me if you you know reply if you want otherwise, right? >> You want a modification effectively. So, so there's this really interesting design choice that you have where it's it's kind of like it's a single sort of task.
(47:42) It's like a big task usually and not just some sort of like change the color of something. It's like pretty pretty meaty and you essentially go um and do like a nightwork session, right? So, can you say a little bit more about that and how you came to that realization for at least that's how how the model works right now because I think it's really fascinating.
(47:59) I mean this is like this is really pure product design super subjective right because it's like along the way I was like well I could have like token credits right and so people pay per credit per token and like maybe they had they put like in a wallet like 20 bucks and then like I charge them per compute and maybe I had 20% margin like I went through all this stuff and I was like okay how simplify simplify simplify just make make it simple what's simple is people don't care about price or whatever they care about value so They
(48:28) want to do a task. They say, "I want to do this. Cool. I created a task." Sometimes it's like the the task ends up being routed to a very expensive model and it cost me $3. And sometimes it's like a cold outreach and it's routed to high cool and it cost me half a dollar 50 cents.
(48:47) But right now it's like the task is like you know you get task that you buy packs of tasks and the tasks is you know depends how many you buy. If you buy a 100 task maybe it's more closer to a dollar task. if you want to buy three tasks and it's like $3 a task but it's like you decide how many you want to buy and but for the user it's like okay one task equals a credit and the credit is depends you know the the membership has credits and so I think it simplifies it for people right um you know people tell me but what if people just do tasks that are super expensive
(49:16) I'm like I I only care about averages and by the way if someone does an an expensive task and they're creating a business maybe their business is going to be successful because of And maybe they'll make revenue and then I'm incentivized uh for people to make revenue because they'll be there'll be a more sticky product for them.
(49:34) >> They probably talk about it if they make money with an AI company builder. And also I make 20% I take a 20% cut on revenue. >> So I don't make money on the subscription today. >> Uh but the idea is making money on on the revenue generated by the platform. Sort of like a Shopify model. >> It's super cool.
(49:53) And when you were launching on product hunt and sort of putting this out there what are the things that uh have surprised you about the reactions like what do you think people have gotten sort of wrong? What has sort of changed your perspective when you've actually had people interacting with it? And I guess that's different from the people who are actually using it.
(50:09) So um maybe what do what do the people who are using it feel and how does that differ from you know what you're hearing from people who are just sort of experiencing it. I think that a lot of people react to that that hockey stick chart and they're like, I don't know, maybe there's maybe this is like BS or something because, you know, it's it's obviously a really impressive chart.
(50:27) Um, but I'm curious like what people are actually saying when they use it, what what they're learning or what you're learning from them. >> So, yeah. I mean, first of all, the the hockey stick chart, first of all, it didn't look like a hockey stick chart. >> Sure. >> Initially. So, and because this whole thing was around this marketing stunt around AI is raising its own round of funding, which it it actually is doing.
(50:48) It's not a lie, >> but it was part of like a marketing trying to like get a reaction from people because I started at zero, right? I had like very few users. I mean, I had like a 100 200 users or whatever at the time >> and I I could see the product market fit. I could feel the product market fit, but I was like, I need to do marketing.
(51:07) And so, yeah, this dashboard was mostly for that. Now that it's a hocistic, I'm like I'm telling the story on X. Like, hey, this is crazy that like I'm just one person and I'm achieving those numbers, but it's also, you know, it's also like the the the algorithm is showing me that's like what people want to hear.
(51:22) So, I'm telling more of that story, right? But anyways, that's a side note. Um, in terms of like what surprised me on like the reaction of people, I mean, I was actually I mean, you know, when people tell me about the page and say, "Oh, I love this." Okay, that warms my heart. There's a lot of like things where people are are praising the design choices that warms my heart because it's really my DNA.
(51:43) Like I put it I put it a lot of my my soul in it, right? Uh and in terms of like how people react to it, it's like they ask they all actually asking all the questions that I you know that's on the road map. It's like it's like uh oh like I mean people take tell tell me a lot of you know a lot of feedback around capabilities.
(52:06) Someone is like oh like it would be great if like I could connect my Instagram and like have it autonomously post and reply to DMs. And I'm like a thousand%. It's just like >> either I plug in the end like just build any feature that people want or I just need to find more time or I hire you know whatever it is. But people are just like you know they get it.
(52:25) They're like okay I get it. Okay. It's not [ __ ] It worked. It did send an email. It did tweet. Did build a landing page. It did run an ad. Okay. And then you're like, "Okay, what else can it do? Can it do this? Can I create an NLC?" I'm like, "Yeah, it's coming. Can I uh can I can it manage my Instagram? It's coming.
(52:42) Can it uh you know, so I think I haven't been really surprised by like people using it. They literally asking me for more capabilities because they're like just build all the capabilities, right?" Um so but yeah >> so I I asked a few people you know what questions should I ask and uh and one of them is it turned out to be a mutual friend Nathan Bashz and did he tell you what what question he said to ask? So he was he said you know if these businesses are so good like why not uh why not just build the businesses yourself? Why why
(53:14) actually build a market like sort of a a tool for other people to build businesses? Um he wasn't saying that in like a sort of like a gotcha way. who's actually just genuinely curious like why not why not just build more of these businesses yourself and be like the sole owner of them. >> So there's a couple things here.
(53:30) So first of all when I when I was building Pulsia towards the end of like the building like in beginning of December like a week two weeks before launching I came to realization of like oh yeah [ __ ] it's working the product is working and I can see how it's not perfect but like I could totally see the road map of it being capable of doing anything.
(53:50) And I was like, and I used to work in banking. >> So I was like, should I just build a hedge fund or like a whatever you call it like a private equity fund or like an incubator like however you or VC fund like however you want to call it. By the way, should it be like all like sort of like a family office? Well, it's like so equity investors invest equity and it's cash and it's like I own some 100% of the businesses.
(54:13) Should it be like a VC model where I actually go to LPS directly and give 20% of take 20% of the performance but use the capital and the you know whatever you can saying or or should it be consumer business and I thought myself well it really depends on the performance of how well the AI does right uh if if it's if it can build cash flow faster than the the amount of money you spend uh then it should be more of a hash fun thing.
(54:42) If it's uh if it takes time to get your investment back, it should be more like a VC model. And if it's if you're not sure, well, let consumer just figure it out. Because for example, an AI on its own, it can market. It doesn't have influence. >> So, it needs to spend ads. So, it needs to spend compute to build the first thing. That's the first investment.
(55:03) But then to find customers, it needs to spend ads. I mean, that's the main way for an AI that doesn't have influence to actually get customers, right? Um, but then that means that like you the ROI is much more difficult versus if I give it to a consumer, there's so many influencers, right? There's so many people that have influence.
(55:21) >> Mh. >> And also even if they don't have influence, they can find people in the physical world to try the product if they're really passionate about what they built. And so there's a world where like you know on the marketing side which is the a big cost at the beginning of a business um where humans would be better at at uh uh at at finding customers which is in a more cost efficient way and the second so there's the first there's like this very pragmatic fork of like you know what I think it makes sense to do to to
(55:53) build this consumer product and the second thing I've been a consumer guy my whole life like I've built a lot of consumer businesses and I've done a lot of I've been a lot of like you know sort of head of growth you know with Travis at cloud kitchens like I was I was building marketing products right it's like I've always understood and it was you know it was it was it was B2B to see the product I was building but there's always a consumer perspective and I was like dude like what's okay what do you want to do
(56:18) what's fun to build a hedge fund alone and like uh talk to no talk to don't not talk to anyone and build a lot of make a lot of money it's like that's not what excites me what would excite me is like to have like millions of people build in this economy and just making it into an economy, right? Um, and so that's the route I I made which was I think a pragmatic pragmatic decisions based on current capabilities of AI and the current capabilities of Pulsia as well.
(56:49) uh but also something that resonated more to me uh in terms of like what I wanted to put out there and I what I thought I thought that like you know it can be a big consumer business because it's everyone has a good everyone has ideas and everyone wants to have a business that just spins out you know cash and like you know and everyone wants to be a builder everyone's creative in my opinion so could be massive so why why don't why don't I do both right actually right now I'm building a Pulseia fund actually not not to make a ton of money
(57:21) from it just because if I can get AI to just start a bunch of businesses and learn really fast what works and what doesn't I can use all those learnings and put it into the model >> of the agents so that when they work for consumer on their specific idea like hey I've actually tried this before this is what we should do and this is the fastest route to revenue right and can advise to can advise the customer into taking action in a path that is the latest of what works right now, right? Um, and so I'm actually going to do a
(57:56) Pulseia fund, right, for that. And also have like some interesting like viral marketing ideas around like a Pulsia fund where maybe users can like vote on like companies and then they get built. You know, there's a lot of interesting things you can do. Um, but that's that that would be my long answer to your question.
(58:14) >> So, I know you got to run in a few minutes. Maybe we can close this out talking a little bit more about sort of the state of building like as a solo founder. Um you you mentioned earlier that if you're starting a company today from scratch, if you're not having like 80% of it be AI, um you feel like it's just being done wrong, but I'm curious if there's and and we you already covered a little bit of that, but I'm curious what other things you feel are underdised uh or people are kind of living in the past with when it comes to
(58:42) building things right now from scratch. like what are other areas that you think that people should be thinking about if they're starting a company maybe they just started you know started building their prototype uh other than you know use Pulseia as like either the the the main thing for it or have it it be a supporting element because I know you can also work with existing businesses on Pulseia what are things that you feel like you've learned as as a solo builder using all these agents >> I mean it's interesting because like
(59:09) initially on Twitter I was posting those o those sort of graphs because I could see that like people liked seeing it, right? And then some people are like, "Dude, like stop [ __ ] like showing your graphs. It's a scam. You're a scammer." Whatever, right? So, it creates reactions. But then the more it's working, the more I'm like, "Well, actually, I'm I I hope it can it can show to a lot of like I'm going to call them kids, but like it could be any age, right? like people that are like I have an idea or hustling on on code or codeex
(59:42) building things and sort of show them dude it's possible like I'm just one person of course I have like 15 years of experience grinding and hustling and made so many mistakes but whether you use polio or not like you can actually build something today um with a lot less a lot less uh capital right uh and so I hope if if anything comes out of it, I hope I can be an inspiration for like the new generation of uh of of builders that going to come uh that everything is possible.
(1:00:17) And I think a lot of people look at AI and they're like it's horrible. It's going to replace jobs. Oh, it's horrible. Like your your company builder, what does it mean that like it's going to replace humans? It's like no, no, no. Like actually if you have a big company, I mean there's an argument that like this there this you need less people, but like if you have a big company and like you you already have a lot of cash flow, like makes a lot of sense to keep humans to make sure that like things are are built and are current and like especially in the world
(1:00:40) where like you sell to other humans. But when Pulsia is is not a product that tries to replace humans in existing companies, it's a product that's enabling people that would never have started a company because they didn't have the capital or the skill to build it. Um, and I think Claude, Codex, Cursor, all those products are amazing because they enable someone who didn't think they can they could uh create to create.
(1:01:10) And so I think the state of on that note of course it's very it's it's very common knowledge at this point that like coding is is now very easy and then like vibe coding is easy and it's very it's very uh it can do you know you can can code most projects at this point using your vibe coding tool of choice but I think that like what's interesting about what Pulsia does and why it it it created such a reaction is that I'm showing that no, no, no, dude.
(1:01:41) You can do anything with AI and here's the proof, right? Um, and it's opening the people like, "Oh, I didn't know it could man. What do you mean you can manage ads campaigns?" I'm like, "Yeah, I mean, yeah, you have to I mean, you have to do all those steps, but like yes, it can, right?" And I think it's what I say.
(1:01:58) It's almost like if you if there's something you think you that you don't you think AI cannot do, just just try first, right? For example, if you're like, well, AI couldn't close an enterprise deal obviously, right? because you would have to like literally like send an like do a phone call with like a CTO and then send an email and like you have to like send them there all the steps that like there's no way would say yes like you know try it do like try a phone like there's phone call AI you can do an AI voice and you can
(1:02:30) try it because it's so costefficient because what's your alternative hiring an SDR and a head of sales and this right so the if you're a big company you're like yeah I'm not taking any chances. I don't like I'm going to hire the the theund million dollars a year sales team, human sales team.
(1:02:50) But if you're a kid and you're like, "No, I built this enterprise software. It's amazing. It's for this niche for like uh people like me, whatever." Um sales team, I'm like, "Dude, [ __ ] try it. Use maybe you'll be surprised and use the best latest, you know, open office open 4.6 thinking and like use XYZ, but like just push it to the edge.
(1:03:09) " Worst case could happen is that it didn't work. Okay, I actually need a team, right? But if but maybe you'll find that the limit is further than you thought. Which enables you as an 18-year-old builder to go further and to actually go to where you wanted to go right now, not waiting until you you you're at the edge of, you know, you have the the capital like you have the knowledge to get there. Like just do it now.
(1:03:37) And I think uh yeah, I hope that's uh >> that will be inspiring. >> It feels like this is the very early days of Pulseia and what you're doing, I think it's going to be extremely inspiring to people. I I'm really glad that you're here for Solo to to talk about your experience so far and to share some of these reflections because I mean ultimately um unless more of this goes out to people, I think that people just won't realize that this is possible.
(1:04:01) I think that a lot of people are still living in this world where they think that their their first step is to raise money or to hire. Um, and I think that Pulseia and things like some of the people in the Solo Founders program are showing this as well that you just have the ability to make a lot of progress on your own, but you're not really on your own.
(1:04:19) You have all these incredible tools um that really can act like teammates to you now. And I I'm just really grateful that you're here and sharing this and I can't wait to see what happens next. Thanks for having me.