Talk with Ben @Bencera scaling @polsia - Polsia, AI that run 1k+ companies autonomously. - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wnH6RsDnR8

Transcript:
(00:00) Sorry, I'm great. >> A pleasure to meet you. I just start recorded. Thank you very much first of all for for being here. >> I am amazed by what you are doing. I need to tell you there is I have like two like wow moment the last like years. One is with lovable you know because I'm very like good in marketing but I don't know how to code.
(00:22) So that's like okay the the hardest thing for me was that and it helped me a lot and after that you realize and now building is not the difficult thing it's like selling it you know still is it's not magic anything you know I think policy and now we can talk it's not like magic I still need to have a good product or service but it's super interesting and I discovered your Twitter the other day because Twitter each time recommend me a better like account to follow uh yes here we are thank Thank you.
(00:52) And what who are you and why did you build this so people can understand about your item? >> Yeah, of course. So, I mean, I'm an engineer first. Uh I started my career uh you know, sort of building products with my hands, you know, the good old times and building a lot of products, a lot of apps. Um and you know always wanted to be an entrepreneur and so started my entrepreneurial career like building products building you know and and and spent the last 10 years building various businesses having different roles the roles in marketing roles in
(01:26) like GM you know sales you know being more like a a general manager over time and I think when AI came about and vibe coding became really good I was like I kind of want to go back to my roots and go back to coding because now it's not as painful that it used to be. And so for the most part of 2025, I spent like most of my days just like talking to cloud code, talking, you know, talking to GPT, talking to like the best models of the time using cursor and then cl code and then this and that.
(01:57) and and I very fast realized that you know AI can do everything like it's like it's my co-founder it's my strategist it's um my sort of like re you know competitive research analyst it's my marketer it's my CTO and I had this idea of like well as an entrepreneur it's so easy to build I want to build more things but it's such a grind to build each product individually right because you know entrepreneurial And and I'm sure everyone has has experienced that building products.
(02:32) It's like you have to fix bugs and then you have to answer support emails and then you have to okay if you do Twitter, you know, you have to tweet every day and it's just tiring, right? And that's just one product and then you give up because you're like, you know what, like there's not enough traction and then people give up, right? And so Pulsei is really a product that is trying to do 80% of the work for you.
(02:56) So, it's AI agents that gonna like provision you an environment where like they're going to build your idea. They're going to build your company and do the code, do the product, do the marketing, run the ads, do the support, right? Autonomously every day. It's going to work. Sends you an email every morning without what it did.
(03:15) It you can talk about to it about strategy. And it's sort of like you'll become the creative director, right? You're no longer the operator and the creative director. just the creative director who comes with the idea, comes with the strategy, comes with the taste, how should feel, the pricing, you know what, because you have more, you know, you have insight into your community, you have insight into your audience, you have insight into your perspective in the world and now you have this AI pulia that can make makes it easy, right? and can give you um can give you that AI
(03:49) team that are that that are on your team that are always supportive that are always going to they're never going to give up as long as like you sort of like give it compute to the 15 bucks a month membership right >> I love it because a lot of I mean entrepreneurs that they don't have a lot of like you know income you know and they don't want to take out of risk most of them they feel very like solopreneurs you know they are doing everything And the good thing how you mentioned is that they don't give up and it's I think that
(04:17) is very important because sometime >> we feel like very like along in this journey to the things and yes we have chip and other tools but it's true and that's what I like a lot Porsche I have been trying today >> because we have like hundreds of tools >> and you like 20 like windows tabs that you need you know to open and close and a lot of subscription you need to pay and here everything in one.
(04:42) It is true that of course you need to train. I mean because sometime can have like mistake but like any other like ch or like but it is amazing. How do you find because I suppose the most difficult thing is at the beginning. How do you find the first customers? Because I saw in Twitter that you have been growing a lot in just two months.
(05:01) >> Yeah. I mean the sort of like I started getting customers in two ways, right? I think there was a first phase that was just like hustling through people that like I've used my previous products or like I had like you know emails from previous products. So I announced to them uh I sent sort of a newsletter then I told all my friends then I tried to like tweet about it then like I tried various like sort of like marketing techniques like posting on LinkedIn replying to Twitter you know trying to get attention right so that was the sort
(05:35) of the first phase and it gets you customers one by one right and it's like but you can still get customers you get to a funnel you optimize your onboarding funnel you optimize the experience through that those customers then there was a second phase where I started to spend Facebook ads because I'm like, "Okay, you know what? I need to get bigger cohorts because I feel like it's it's working.
(05:55) People like it, but there's only like 10 people liking it." Like, okay, I need to get a hundred, but I need to know fast because like I really want to know. So, made out, you know, Facebook ads is a great way to get customers. It's a little expensive at the beginning because you're paying up front uh for a customer and then you know you have to look at LTV to CAC but you're not really sure because you don't have enough cohort data to know if people are going to stick around.
(06:18) But if you have some capital it's the best way to test that it works. So that was sort of the second phase, spending, you know, a few hundred dollars a day on meta ads and trying to figure out uh you know get get funnels of customers that would resonate with hey Pulsia builds the company for you with you. Uh you give it an idea and it builds it for you and then people see that video and then like they're interested and then they sign up.
(06:43) And I think the third phase that you see the acceleration was when I realized that I had a 100 a cord of 100 people that were actually using it and loved it. Um, I was like, "Okay, we need to put fuel on this fire, right?" And yes, I could increase Facebook ads to the max, but that's really expensive. So, I decided to do a series of sort of marketing what I called marketing stunts, but it's like it's sort of like trying to like be pro try to try things and be provocative to try to like pass a message of what AI is capable of today to wake people up.
(07:19) And I I wasn't even talking about Pulsia, but I was just talking about proactive things. >> So the first thing I did is like, hey, >> I'm I want to raise, you know, my AI told me that it needs to needs more capital to grow faster. >> And so it told me we should raise $10 million and it told me that like the AI could it could raise money better than me.
(07:44) So I gave it my email inbox and it's going to raise money for me, right? So that was the first tweet and it really took off. I got like 100,000 views, right? Uh because it was thought provoking, right? It's like what? This guy >> AI to raise money. That's crazy, right? And so I did the whole thing. I did a public dashboard where like investors could go and see the live metrics.
(08:03) I did like a a sort of like an email agents that would that replies to my emails that has all the context of the company, the metrics, etc. But essentially it took off when I decided to really be myself and be like, you know what, let me let me do marketing that like is unhinged sort of like how everything I've built with Pulsia is sort of like my unique perspective on the world.
(08:26) And I don't care if people don't like it. >> I don't care if people don't like design. I don't care if like people think it should look different or it doesn't look professional. Whatever. Like if people don't like it, then like that means people don't like my ideas. And same thing on the marketing. I'm like, you know what? I talk my mind.
(08:39) And it's like I think it's [ __ ] cool to have an AI raise your money. And if in you know some investors were like yeah but maybe investor investors are not going to like it. Maybe they're going to be offended. I'm like I don't care if they're offended. They'll tell their friends. You know this >> weird French guy like uh he's so arrogant and like he made me talk to this AI.
(09:01) >> And I was like what I mean I mean no no reaction is the worst scenario. Nobody cares. That's the worst scenario. But that was the baseline. Nobody knew me. I I had like 10 tweets, 10 views on my tweets, you know, >> and so that's sort of like how it took off is like me starting to do marketing and then start sharing the revenue numbers which people reacted positively which I was surprised.
(09:24) I thought people would be like, "Dude, stop stop [ __ ] talking about your revenue like whatever. We don't care." And actually people are like, "This is amazing. Like you're one person. This is inspiring." And so and you know and what I'm doing on marketing right now which is like sort of like preaching soloreneurship it is this is what I do because I'm one person but also this is why I preach with Pulsia it's like enabling you know all the all the people that have ideas and but they don't have the time to build uh just give it to Pulsia
(09:54) and it will take it as far as it can and it will show you if it's if it works or not and you can tweak it and you can create a new company and like You can you know all your ideas can now be built by a product that will is on your side and it will never give up. >> Totally. Thank you for sharing. Yeah. I always say I mean not everybody need to be your customer because I mean some people will buy other people never buy even if it's something is amazing and the best publicity is a happy customer you know for example now I share poly
(10:22) with a friend and I realize when was last time I was recommended like something online to someone with the referral you know because it's kind of cool it's not only because of the free credit is even without the free credit he's he subscribed it's very useful to share you know because I think sol of problem and and like time one interesting question that I have as a as a client you know of Pulsia and probably like some people that is going to listen this which is the limit of Pulsia in the sense for example I was like creating
(10:50) ads how do they because it want to install like the pixel for example in the website >> how pulsia do that do I need to do some things like manually or pulsia can do it where is the limit this is like a quick sample and maybe for other things because I want to know how automatic can be pulsia yeah how to lie yeah >> so I mean you For example, ads.
(11:12) If you think about ads is a pretty complex system and I don't know if you've did ads online on meta, it's like meta is so complicated. It's so powerful, right? Because obviously everyone's addicted to Instagram and Facebook and WhatsApp. So obviously and meta is true company because they are you know they are able to show the right ad to the right person that converts to the pixel.
(11:36) But doing all this process is like very intimidating, right? You have to like create great creatives. You have to regularly create new creatives, right? To test things. You have to create a whole account. You have to create like campaigns, you know, all this stuff, all the settings. Super complicated. You have to every day turn on turn off the good and the bad things.
(11:55) And you have to install a pixel to optimize for the event you want, right? And so Pulse does the whole thing, right? It's like it it creates a pixel, it creates a campaign, it creates an adset, it creates a new GC based on like what it it knows everything about your company, right? It knows the mission statement. It knows like what we're selling.
(12:13) It knows it knows like and of course Pulsia also have so much training data on like ads it runs for all the companies. So it knows sort of what works, what doesn't and can learn over time and optimize. And today it's meta ads and tomorrow maybe you give it a budget and it can spend between meta ads, Google ads, Tik Tok ads, Twitter ads, all the ad networks and optimize for outcome because users they just want to get a user.
(12:37) Maybe it's maybe you can spend it on influencer networks, right? And so the idea is that like when I launch, you know, when I launched Bulia and I was like, I just want users like I'm I have a budget and I'm ready to spend to get customers to try my product and then this is my budget and I want as many people to try it that like are interested in this type of product.
(13:00) But do I care if they come from Facebook? If they're organic, if they come from cold outreach, if they come from uh a salesperson I I hire to like go call, you know, uh customers really, I don't care. I just want the results, right? This is what I want. And so Pulsei is trying and it's it's in its infancy, but it's it's trying with cold outreach, with ads, with to provide sort of like an AI that will just do it, right? Like the the way if you hired like a a meta sort of like a growth manager, you're like, just do it. Like
(13:36) don't tell me what how you going to do it. I hired you because you know how to do this. So here's my budget. Just do it and report to me every day how it worked. and if I don't like it, I'll turn you off, right? I'll I'll, you know, I'll stop the contract, right? Similar with Pulseia. It's like, hey, you want to run ads? Cool.
(13:56) See, 10 bucks, 20 bucks, 50 bucks a month. What you want? >> Yeah, >> 10 bucks a month. Cool. You can cancel anytime. Try it. Some people try two, three days, then maybe they don't get the results they want. Maybe the AI is like, "Hey, like, you know, you're getting traffic, but like it's not converting, so maybe pause the ads and then let's actually work on the product.
(14:12) Maybe the the landing page there's a bug. We should fix the bug first." like whatever it is. Um and uh yeah, I think that's like that's that's where it's going, right? >> One very interesting thing that I like is like the like the on boarding when you sign up is like super quick and easy and I like it that look like like a computer is like working from you in the background.
(14:33) You don't feel that you're losing your time and while you are watching something in YouTube learning at the same time it's like working for you. I ask you I tell you this because I have a question in regarding do you think policia works better if I already have a website that I'm analyze everything or like starting everything from a scratch at the level that now in March 2026 it is like developed by you like it's better to have I suppose to have more information that right can read it will be better but I don't know what can perform like the best now
(15:03) >> so specifically BIA today at least um it essentially doesn't connect really to your apps or to your services like so it's not like you connect your own email or you connect your own GitHub right the reason is at least today is because if you ask someone to connect their own stuff there's a lot of responsibility right because what if the AI because the AI is autonomous it will do stuff it will not ask for permission right that's why that's why it's interesting that's why it's different because it does, right? Um, but if you connect your email
(15:42) address and it sends call outreach email from your email address and people think it's you, people freak out. It's so, you know, or if you connect your GitHub account and it makes a it introduces a bug for some reason or changes the design, you're going to freak out because it's your app. And so, at least for now, it's you can use it for new business or existing business.
(16:06) If it's a new business, it just creates it from scratch. Obviously, if it's an existing business, it is essentially, think about it as like you hired an agency and that agency has employees that can analyze your business and then do actions on behalf of your business, but doesn't connect to your services.
(16:24) For example, it has an email address. So, it can send cold outreach emails on your behalf, but it doesn't have to be from your personal email or your company email. It can run ads and let and point it to a new landing page. created for your business that maybe gets emails or leads or even payments.
(16:44) For example, like if if you like have a if you have like a B2B business or like whatever or even if like your I saw like for example a car dealership, right? They have a car dealership and they created a landing page for the car dealership and run ads to get more leads for the car dealership, right? but they don't need the them they don't need to like point it to their own website because whatever they just want the leads they want find people that could be potential customers and then they can call them.
(17:11) So that's sort of the way to think about PulseI and how to use it for either you're an entrepreneur and you have a new idea and you already create it or you have an existing business and you want to try an AI employee or AI team that can try to help you for your in your own business and try to see you know how how to do it.
(17:30) You know >> I I think it would be cool to you know like to have like 20 accounts in Pulsia to create like 20 business at the same time in one month and just to see to validate like quick you know if time effective and money and yeah you are saving like money and time and you will see okay this Mac is performing well or not h one thing that I have like one what is like one thing that pulsia can do that most of the entrepreneur founders still think that oh I don't think AI you kind of do something like that. I mean what problem can solve or
(18:04) you know what thing can do pula super fast the most of us we don't realize like we should try because of just this I mean to my my point of view >> yes >> is that AGI is already here right why because my definition my own definition of AGI is >> super intelligent reasoning model meaning sort of like an AI that can reason on any subject if you give it context Yeah.
(18:33) >> And fluent at using any tool. So essentially the brain and the hands. And Opus 4.5 was the first model that felt like it was a super intelligent reasoning model. Meaning you give it a problem, it can reason for a long long time and then give you the right answer because it really thought through it. Mhm. >> And fluid use of tools can actually use any tool including the browser, I think was the first model that was really good at browsing the internet and not [ __ ] up and not mess up, you know? >> Yeah.
(19:06) >> And so if you have those two things, well, you can do everything like and so the question becomes to answer your question, what can AI do? What can I can do? And supposedly can do some stuff, but like what it cannot do? Well, it it can eventually do everything. It's just a capability issue.
(19:25) And so my road map is essentially listening to see looking at what users are trying to do with Pulsia and build every feature that like they request because they you know all the you know the two 3,000 people that are building up Pulsia right now. They all are trying to build different ideas that need different services and different things and different access to you know to different various parts of the of the economy.
(19:48) And so Pulsia needs to build those features for them so that they're not blocked or they or they don't have usually you know if they is blocked they will tell the user okay I can do that but like you go to get me an API key or like this thing you have to do manually yourself but I can help you do it manually right but I don't want to to answer that and like yeah I'll do it like and so and so obviously you you you can wrap your head around the fact that like AI could do most software things right interact with any API, right? But
(20:18) then what's crazy is that you're like, "Yeah, but it cannot act in the physical world, right?" Right? Because it's I mean uh Elon hasn't built yet five years. >> No, I mean Yeah. But today, right? Unless until Elon delivers on Optimus, which he will, >> there is some robots in Miami I saw delivering food that is kind of AI working in our you know, daylight.
(20:44) But what I would say is that um but who who can do things in the physical world? Humans. >> Yeah. >> So now let's say I need a pack I have a service that I build and it needs to have a person deliver a package from point A to point B in a physical world. That's part of the service I'm building, right? >> Yeah. Yeah.
(21:04) >> Then you're like, "Okay, but I don't want to hire myself a contractor and then manage them and see if they did their job and then reward them when they do well and then fire them if they don't do their job and they don't come to work." Like, it's so much work, right? An AI could do that, right? Because an AI could could go to Fiverr or like, you know, uh upwork.com.
(21:30) It could post a listing. Hey, I'm looking for someone in New York City to deliver packages. Uh, I'm paying 25 bucks an hour, right? And this is the email, right? There's going to be people like, "Yeah, me me 25 bucks an hour." And then they send an email and then they get an AI that says, "Hey, uh, I'm actually an AI, but I'm going to be your manager.
(21:53) I'm working on behalf of a human." Just that like I'm going to pay you on time, so I'll be a paying you on time. I'll be the most empathetic manager you'll ever have. If you have any questions, don't worry. Tell me. Uh, I'll promote you. I'll give you bonuses if you do a better job. However, I'll fire you if you don't do your job.
(22:10) And that's the most like, you know, I'll I I can respond any time of the day, I can, you know, as long as you respect those guidelines, >> I'll be the best manager you ever have. >> And people be like, "Okay, this is weird. This is uncomfortable, but also I need a job. I need a job." So I and and then maybe the maybe the guy is like okay I'll do it but 30 bucks an hour and the eye is like okay it's like oh okay okay 30 bucks an hour I'll do it right and that's I I just described to you how AI and Pulsia can now hire humans to do
(22:46) tasks on behalf of an owner that needs stuff done right and so now you're like okay so essentially can do anything right it can do enterprise sales because to do enterprise sales all you need to do is hire hire a very good salesperson that has access to enterprise but that person can be managed by an AI that can be owned by an a person right so >> the most amazing thing about AI is each time is able to do like more like AI things I mean more more things I tell you this because in the future I suppose someone in Pulsia will want to create a
(23:21) new polia right and it could be so which do you think is going to be like the main difference that the same product which one are going to like win you know against the other one because it's time you know for example I didn't know how to connect uh Google the app you know to be able to people can register a login with Google but now lovable did it so it's amazing each time there is less thing that I cannot do so in the future probably 99.
(23:49) 9% of the things you know we'll be able to do so which is if someone want to create puls okay we'll have a pulse but don't have the users right or the community which is the the thing that you think is going to be like okay if we have this thing and we don't get the competitors Pulse in 10 years is going to be amazing because of I think there's a few things right I think number one Porsia needs to be a brand that is for the people and inspires people and gets people's trust right because it's a very powerful technology and so the step one
(24:26) is like educate a lot of people to get them to taste this agentic AI and get them to trust Pulsia to be that platform that will be on their side that's like a trustworthy that like is where people are. So that's the job I'm doing right now. I'm preaching a lot. That's why you know thank you so much for having me to like talk about Pulsia to your audience and really gaining that trust. Right.
(24:51) The space two is making Pulsia autonomous itself so that it can build every feature people ask as fast as possible right so that no other team can build nobody can build faster than a 247 AI team that like listens to users in real time and builds you know anything that people want right so that's step two it's like making sure that we build all those capabilities as fast as possible by making PSI an autonomous company itself number Three is like network effects, right? So if if if pulsia is not just a tool, it's
(25:27) an economy, right? So what why does I say it's an economy? Because it's real entrepreneurs, solopreneurs building businesses, making those businesses grow revenue. Then there's going to be an investment layer where investors are going to come to Pulsia and want to buy small businesses and then create a portfolio to grow them.
(25:50) And then you have like essentially a bunch of solarreneurs that will create businesses, grow them, and have investors buy those businesses and grow them more. And then there'll be investors buying and selling businesses with each other, right? Like in real life, like you know, like if you raise money from funds, that's what they do.
(26:04) And then you have bigger LPs that like invest in VCs, right? And then you have angel investors that made money that want to reinvest in new startups, right? So if you create if you if DSIA becomes the platform where people go to build online businesses um and you become the investing layer where people buy and sell businesses of course there's going to be 20 pulsas but people will want to be in the in the ecosystem that is the best that is the most trustworthy and where things happen where you can actually sell your business where things
(26:36) are like you know does that make sense? >> I love what you said about educate people. Yeah, because people feel like they're like in a in a community like learning by doing they don't want like to go to another one that I think is super important that like platform creates also like offline like event or like podcast or things you know because I mean it's amazing to do with a machine but at the same time you want to have like faces you know to talk with or to connect with.
(27:04) So yeah Ben thank you very much for everything. I love what you are doing. I hope like in six, seven months, you know, I'm going to come back. Of course, I'm going to continue using it. Now, I still in the trial, you know, but because it's the first thing, but >> I can give you a a free account if you want. >> That's amazing.
(27:21) That's amazing. I'm going to like, of course, we are going to share, you know, because now we have like a very big community because a lot of people are like investing with us in entrepreneur paradise in Indonesia. But still 99% of the people are not our client, you know, but a lot of people like follow us and and see our YouTube channel.
(27:38) So yes, we are of course like we recommend your your product because it's amazing and we can't wait to see how is like you're gonna develop it and yeah, thank you very much for being here. >> Thanks Carlos. Appreciate it. >> Thank you. Thank you.