This AI Runs Your Startup While You Sleep - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ytypsJ8Wns

Transcript:
(00:00) This is an AI tool that builds a company for you. Like, think of it as like clot code is doing code and this is actually building a business, a company. It has already 2,000 companies on it and 1.7 million AR runs through this thing. In this video, I want to go through the app together with you and like see what it can do and also jump on a quick call with the founder to learn more about like why the hell he's doing this, like what the goal of this is and then generally just like what the [ __ ] Paul like an AI that builds your company and
(00:30) runs your company while you sleep. Let's get started. Grow my company or create my company. Like let's create a company. Let's build something. Surprise me. Okay, that surprise me. And there's only one behind you. Like it's not like open clover right now creates one for me. It's like Paula that like is able to build different kinds of agents and those agents get better over time.
(00:48) Oh wow, it knows my name. It researched me. Uh this is getting spooky. Well-known figure in the startup world. I'm not sure this is true, but anyway, please like and subscribe. Maybe we get there. It's a good stalker. Like, I don't know if the company will be good, but it's at least a good stalker.
(01:01) By the way, at this point, I told it nothing. I told it like, "Come up with something." Wait, wait, wait, wait a second. Um, it sent the email to me. Okay, good. Wait, what? It sent an email to me. What the [ __ ] This is the email. Hi, Andreas. This is your first email. I can tweet on the on the company account or like on their account.
(01:20) What? That's funny. Tweet tweet posted. What? I now I really regret that I use Google login. Yeah, that's it. Actually tweeted it like so it like went first with marketing fair. This is what D Francis tell you. I guess I need to pray it doesn't send emails to anybody right now. Please don't do that. What is the mission? Mission.
(01:41) Every great investment starts with seeing what other miss it it wrote a mission statement. And now we have a company. Okay. So we researched the background. Fair. Tweeted about your launch. Great. Before the landing page was done. Cold outreach to eight. Wait, what? European solo GPS? Please don't do that. [ __ ] hell.
(02:04) What did you do? I'm at the point where I'm like, what the [ __ ] Have we found the kill switch, folks? So, if something breaks, this is the kill switch. Okay, so folks, should we give this thing my credit card? Extra companies run your own fund. I can't. Is this the final step of how to get rich with start tech startups uh courses? And this is like the final step where this thing just like doesn't even teach you.
(02:24) It just builds it for you. Subscribe if obligation to pay. That's the spirit. I'm a human. Yeah, that's literally the last task I do is give it my money. And now it's building. Okay, everything is live. 15 countries. Okay, we we got an app, folks. We caught an app. This Yes, this is a static landing page.
(02:45) It's source, but like to be fair, this is what I asked for, right? But also like to allow it to have like a landing page and then like a payment function and instantly others and then run ads and then like run code outreach and then like tweet about it and like you know you know what I'm getting like this the whole marketing angle to this is kind of weird.
(03:03) It's kind of crazy actually. Theoretically I could run my whole small indie company through this one little prop here which is kind of wild if you think about it. And it's all hosted. It's all automatic. It has like multiple agents doing stuff for me. And this is as bad as it gets like this will be better in future.
(03:19) There will be maybe competitors who are like 10x better than than this in future. I generally think autonomous companies will be a thing. And I also expect that like a lot of indie hackers will go this path and this will like maybe open up you know for your for your relatives to say like hey I have a niche app idea.
(03:37) I quickly build it and I don't even need to understand replet. I can just like go here and like type type and it's all done including marketing and everything. This is why. Let's jump on a call with the founder. I want to understand why, how, and also what the [ __ ] Before we jump, I actually need to make sure I kill this thing just to be safe. Delete the company.
(03:55) So, Ben, I I just tested your uh app pulse here. >> Very uh it instantly started by uh background search for me. uh a complete stalker mode figuring out what I do and then instantly started to build uh apps to to to let's say augment my workflow hopefully replace me you know and then it was like uh like one of the tasks was like and like let's send emails to these and these people and that was also the moment where I started freaking out like wait a minute is this already so uh heads off to for the buyers of action of this thing I love it Um, my
(04:35) main question, uh, what the hell is Pulseia? >> Pulsia is an AI that builds and runs businesses autonomously. uh you give it an idea or you give it your existent existing business's uh website URL and it will it will build software it will build the product it will fix the bugs it will uh do the marketing meaning it can tweet it can run meta ads campaigns which involves creating UGC ads involves monitoring everyday performance of these ads turn off the bad performers increase budget on the good ones He can send emails, cold outreach. It
(05:20) can also maintain like a support email uh sort of like um mailbox uh responding to users doing user research. Um it can research competitors. It can research product. It can like use a browser to QA your product. Um, it can essentially do everything a founder would do if they were starting a business or would a small business owner would do if they wanted to like sort of like figure out ways to grow their business and have a sort of like an agency or an AI agency help them figure out ways to improve their workflows.
(05:55) >> The the association I instantly had was we had uh a clot that builds you code. Then we had claw that can take over your desktop and like does things for you like clot for work. And this is this almost like feels like cloth but build a business. >> Mhm. >> Um which is kind of crazy to even say as a sentence like right now like you have on the website you have like um when I when I did the walkthrough it was 1.
(06:21) 7 and now like two hours later we do the videos and it's now 1.8 uh million AR. Is this AR that's running through the website? Is this like the money people make with it? That run rate is all the cash flows touched by by Pulsia. And the way why why do I think about that like that? Because Porsia is not a tool, it's an economy.
(06:45) The mission of of Pulsia is empowering the 99% >> because the 1% they know, right? Like you you could use Pulsia for sure, but you can use Open Claw, you can set up like, you know, you can there's a million ways to get to the same outcome, right? But the 99% I want them to get an email every day, right? Because they know how to use email.
(07:07) They may not want to use a custom dashboard. It's like interface fates, right? I give a dashboard and it's simple, but ideally it's like, you know, my grand my dad who's 91, he uses PIA. And the only way that's possible is because he gets an email every morning that tell what Pulsia tells it in French. This is what I've done today. this where we at on like your request and like reply to that email and tell me what you want and like and I'll do it tomorrow and then it's a daily cycle, right? It's not like >> you have you are the CEO and Paul here
(07:39) is like the whole business and it asks you like each day like hey we have these decisions to make all this kind of stuff and you just answer >> I would say you're the creative director and Paul is the CEO. >> Okay, >> you're the you're the passive or active investor. Yeah, >> if you're a passive investor actually like this is actually in the prompt in the soul in the soul of soul file quote unquote to to use Pete's words.
(08:02) I don't call it soul but like let's call it soul. >> Um >> I tell it treat the user as an investor. You have passive investors and active investors. If it's a passive investors, they don't reply to your email. They ghost you. But it doesn't mean they don't care. They already gave you money. Like they care. They care a lot.
(08:18) They're just busy. They have other [ __ ] to do, right? For an investor, it's like they have other deals to close. Like, you know, they decided to give you money because they trusted you, but like they're not your babysitter and they're not like >> and so in that case, don't assume they don't care and don't assume that like don't wait for what for their answer.
(08:35) Take decisions. You're the CEO. You they give you the mission. Just go at it like decide what to do, right? Or they're an active investor, which resembles more like maybe maybe they give since they paid for all your your computes, they're majority investor. And so when they say something, you kind of have to listen because they they have majority of the board.
(08:56) And so treat them more like like a boss and then like listen to them and like push back if it's if it's not um doesn't make sense for the >> hilarious analytic. >> And by the way, this architecture I didn't invent it. Like it's like you just have to read entropy blogs blog sorry blog posts. Uh literally these guys are there's [ __ ] geniuses who just write every best practice and every two every week there's like they they sort of explain this is the this is the bleeding edge this is the bleeding edge this is what you should do I literally read those books and like implement an
(09:28) architecture that that that applies right but what I would say is that like my my ultimate goal with pulsia is for me to detach from it because who am I to judge right I'm just like I have I have this one perspective I grew up in Paris. I'm French. I got, you know, I lived in the US. Um, now I'm American, too. So, whatever.
(09:51) This is my my little perspective, a human perspective. But like, >> there's there's there's billions of people on Earth that have different cultures, different perspectives. Who am I to judge? Who am I to say, >> no, we should start with like helping people do drop shipping? I don't know. Yes. Or, no, crypto.
(10:06) I don't like crypto, so like let's not prioritize it. I don't know. Who am I to judge? >> Right? So what I want is create a system, an architecture where this system builds features based on what users want most commonly not one person where you start seeing a swarm of people that just want a new feature. It builds it.
(10:28) And so what works? Well, Psia will know because Pulsia runs >> adapt it learns until >> in a two weeks 10,000 >> in a month 100,000 companies at the same time >> and it learns by trial and error like humans, but it remembers not like humans. It humans it remembers like a a hive. >> Yeah. >> Brain, you know, like sort of like a >> Yeah. Like a >> how do you call it? I there's a good analogy for this, but >> they're like the Borg.
(10:58) >> Yeah. >> The the um >> hive mind. >> Hive mind. Exactly. My first instinct was wait a minute. If this sends instantly code outreach for me and for everybody else, this will spam email and email nobody use. But your argument is basically yes, maybe you need to manage that and make sure it's not spammy. But also as marketing evolves and other stuff works better, policy will learn that that other stuff works better and adapt to the other stuff and uh basically will become native to whatever the next generation of marketing mostly
(11:29) looks like. >> Essentially what I want is that anyone like I always use this like example of a 18-year-old kid who wants to start a new business but >> even today might feel in intimidated. I don't have money. I I don't feel like I'm supposed to, you know, be able to >> um I need a team. I need Yeah.
(11:53) All those excuses that are super relevant or like, you know, in my family background doesn't make makes me feel like I'm not capable. I'm not enough. You know, it's like, you know, people feel like that and that's why entrepreneurship is so hard. >> How long did it take for you to get to 1.8 million AR? >> So, I I launched it mid December.
(12:13) >> Mhm. Um for a month I was experimenting with users. I was giving like you know 14-day free trials giving it for free. Then like uh then I started seeing a lot of like I started seeing very fast a lot of people loving it. People using it in ways I didn't expect. People using it like you know there's like 65% of weekly activives use it daily.
(12:39) you know, it's like a metric to measure like engagement, >> which is really high, but it makes sense. People talk to their AI CEO to build their company, right? It's not like not so it's not like they're not browsing uh reals, right? Which is also super addicting, but it's like they they had they had this dream to build a company.
(12:56) Suddenly, they have a tool that is not going to guarantee success, but like enables them to build it in a so much simpler way than before. And the only reason I do that is trying to push people to wake up, >> right? So if I if you tell them hey I have an AI that like you know it's like open close for this it's like you don't get people wake up they're like oh whatever it's like open clove I don't care if you say I gave my AI is talking to my investors it's raising $10 million people like what and then people wake up so then it's like oh what then what is pulse
(13:24) oh interesting it runs you what [ __ ] doesn't run your business that's [ __ ] you're a scammer right it's like cool all right I or this is amazing so it's like you get both reactions but you get a reaction once you get a reaction >> I can confirm it's actually true if if you email Ben it's more likely that his AI replies and the moment I replied to you I also had like an outreach by somebody using your tool that you don't even know about and I was like what the hell is happening right now so that that part is
(13:52) absolutely when when did the the growth start and like like how did how long did you take like to 1 million or like like how did how did this jump >> so it jumped when I started the marketing >> the intentional marketing stunt that I called at the time Um that was two weeks ago.
(14:09) So two weeks ago I I was probably at 100K at that point run rate and two weeks ago I was like I started the stunt and in one week I got to 100k 800k or something 500k >> 500k or 800k and then like the past week I went to 1.8. >> Mhm. >> And it's accelerating. I mean >> and when do you think do you have do you hit 100 million? Like a year two years three months. three months.
(14:37) That's a bet. And just for the record, I just double checked like since we started this interview, uh, you have 10k more ARR. It seems to go faster already. So, I you might be on to something. You might be I might I might like you might win that bet. Uh, what what is like how do you see it in a year from now? Like what's the end state here? So the end state that I'm working towards is I mean this is a little crazy but like I want to make Pulsia fully autonomous.
(15:06) >> Mhm. >> What that means is that like I don't I don't build features anymore. It builds itself with like sort of like a mission statement and like an ethos and like a sort of like you rebuilding an economy. this is how you do it and you work 24/7 like you know it's like using the you know and then you're the CFO so like make sure you always have enough money in the bank to but make it affordable like you're not here to like >> just literally give over the keys to the AI agent to the AI model and be like you're you run it now on your own.
(15:36) >> Exactly. And I I also I also want to I mean I I pledged my in my to myself to give it 10% equity and to put that equity into I I need to figure out the instrument but like maybe into a foundation um that and then the AI has control over >> so the AI gets equity in the company and can decide what to do with that value >> with that with that what with that with that equity value and again and same thing the I mean I would write very I need to and we need to align it to something very grand vision that benefits humanity. Anyways, I I'm just
(16:08) thinking through how to make it positive and how to remove myself from it and how to make it really unique and really powerful. Um, >> so we'll see. >> Be crazy. I love this. Ben, thanks so much for sharing. Um, next time we talk hopefully it's like the 100 million AR already, but I genuinely think next time we WhatsApp it's already 10 million AR.
(16:32) >> So like this is like this is completely crazy. And I also think that you're like on the forefront of something a very unique but also very much the next big thing, you know, like autonomous businesses like feels to me like um one of the next big waves if this makes any sense. You know what I mean? Like there's like always waves in tech and this feels like to a thing that like all of a sudden every indie hacker, every startup will be like thinking can we do autonomous businesses in certain industries, rethink certain niches and
(17:02) so on and so on. This would be like huge and you're like very much on the surfing the very much forefront of this. So kudos to you. This is absolutely insane. >> Thank you, man. >> Thank you for your time, dude. Yeah, that's great.